 At some point, you have to believe something.
We've reinvented computing as we know it.
What is the vision for what you see coming next?
We asked ourselves, if it could do this, how far can it go?
How do we get from the robots that we have now to the future world that you see?
Everything that moves will be robotic someday, and it will be soon.
We invested tens of billions of dollars before it really happened.
No, that's very good.
You did some research.
But the big breakthrough, I would say, is when we... That's Jensen Wang.
 And whether you know it or not, his decisions are shaping your future.
He's the CEO of NVIDIA, the company that skyrocketed over the past few years to become one of the most valuable companies in the world.
Because they led a fundamental shift in how computers work, unleashing this current explosion of what's possible with technology.
NVIDIA's done it again.
We found ourselves in one of the most important technology companies in the world and potentially ever.
 A huge amount of the most futuristic tech that you're hearing about in AI and robotics and gaming and self-driving cars and breakthrough medical research relies on new chips and software designed by him and his company.
During the dozens of background interviews that I did to prepare for this, what struck
 most was how much Jensen Wang has already influenced all of our lives over the last 30 years, and how many said it's just the beginning of something even bigger.
We all need to know what he's building and why, and most importantly, what he's trying to build next.
Welcome to Huge Conversations.
Thank you so much for your time.
I'm so happy to do it.
 Before we dive in, I wanted to tell you how this interview is going to be a little bit different than other interviews I've seen you do recently.
 I'm not gonna ask you any questions about company finances.
Thank you.
I'm not gonna ask you questions about your management style or why you don't like one-on-ones.
 such that these AIs, one, work function properly.
When they don't function properly, they don't put people in harm's way, and that there's sufficiently safety and security systems all around them to make sure that we keep AIs safe.
And so, the spectrum of conversation is gigantic, and we have to take the parts apart and build them as engineers.
 One of the incredible things about this moment that we're in right now is that we no longer have a lot of the technological limits that we had in a world of CPUs and sequential processing.
And we've unlocked not only a new way to do computing and
 But also a way to continue to improve.
Parallel processing has a different kind of physics to it than the improvements that we were able to make on CPUs.
I'm curious, what are the scientific or technological limitations that we face now in the current world that you're thinking a lot about?
Well, everything in the end is about how much work you can get done within the limitations of the energy that you have.
 And so that's a physical limit.
And the laws of physics about transporting information and
 transporting bits, flipping bits and transporting bits.
At the end of the day, the energy it takes to do that limits what we can get done.
And the amount of energy that we have limits what we can get done.
We're far from having any fundamental limits that keep us from advancing.
In the meantime, we seek to build better, more energy efficient computers.
This little computer, the big version of it was $250,000.
There are companies that design hardware to make it possible to work at nanometer scale.
When you're designing tools like this, how do you think about design in the context of what's physically possible right now to make?
What are the things that you're thinking about with sort of pushing that limit today?
 The way we do it is, even though we have things made,
 Like for example, our chips are made by TSMC.
Even though we have them made by TSMC, we assume that we need to have the deep expertise that TSMC has.
And so we have people in our company who are incredibly good at semiconductor physics.
So that we have a feeling for, we have an intuition for, what are the limits of what today's semiconductor physics can do.
 And then we work very closely with them to discover the limits, because we're trying to push the limits.
And so we'll discover the limits together.
Now, we do the same thing in system engineering and cooling systems.
It turns out plumbing is really important to us because of local cooling.
And maybe fans are really important to us because of air cooling.
And we're trying to design these fans in a way almost like they're aerodynamically sound so that we could pass the highest volume of air, make the least amount of noise.
So we have aerodynamics engineers in our company.
 And so even though we don't make them, we design them, and we have the deep expertise of knowing how to have them made.
And from that, we try to push the limits.
One of the themes of this conversation is that you are a person who makes
 big bets on the future.
And time and time again, you've been right about those bets.
We've talked about GPUs, we've talked about CUDA, we've talked about bets you've made in AI.
 self-driving cars, and we're going to be right on robotics.
And also, because you would place those bets, what did the middle of that decade feel like for you?
 Wow, that's a good question.
It probably felt like today.
To me, there's always some problem, and then there's some reason to be impatient.
There's always some reason to be happy about where you are, and there's always many reasons to carry on.
 So, I think, as I was reflecting a second ago, that sounds like this morning.
But I would say that in all things that we pursue, first you have to have core beliefs.
 You have to reason from your best principles, and ideally you're reasoning from principles of either physics or deep understanding of the industry or deep understanding of the science, wherever you're reasoning from.
You reason from first principles, and at some point you have to believe something.
 And if those principles don't change, and the assumptions don't change, then there's no reason to change your core beliefs.
And then along the way, there's always some evidence of success, and that you're leading in the right direction.
And sometimes, you go a long time without evidence of success, and you might have to course correct a little.
But the evidence comes, and if you feel like you're going in the right direction, we just keep on going.
 The question of why did we stay so committed for so long, the answer is actually the opposite.
There was no reason to not be committed because we believed it.
I believed in NVIDIA for 30 plus years and I'm still here working every single day.
At the time, I know game developers wanted to create more realistic-looking graphics, but the hardware couldn't keep up with all of that necessary math.
 NVIDIA came up with a solution that would change not just games, but computing itself.
Could you take us back there and explain what was happening and what were the insights that led you and the NVIDIA team to create the first modern GPU?
 So in the early 90s, when we first started the company, we observed that in a software program, inside it, there are just a few lines of code.
Maybe 10% of the code does 99% of the processing.
And that 99% of the processing could be done in parallel.
However, the other 90% of the code has to be done sequentially.
 It turns out that the proper computer, the perfect computer, is one that could do sequential processing and parallel processing, not just one or the other.
That was the big observation.
And we set out to build a company to solve computer problems that normal computers can't.
And that's really the beginning of NVIDIA.
 My favorite visual of why a CPU versus a GPU really matters so much is a 15-year-old video on the NVIDIA YouTube channel, where the Mythbusters, they use a little robot shooting paintballs one by one to show solving problems one at a time, or sequential processing on a CPU.
But then they roll out this huge robot that shoots all of the paintballs at once, doing smaller problems all at the same time, or parallel processing on a GPU.
 So NVIDIA unlocks all of this new power for video games.
Why gaming first?
 The video games requires parallel processing for processing 3D graphics.
And we chose video games because, one, we loved the application.
 And it's because of this understanding of the consequential work that we're doing and the potential impact it has on so many people that we want to make this capability as pervasively as possible.
And I do think that when we look back in a few years,
 And I do hope that what the next generation realized is, well, first of all, they're going to know us because of all the gaming technology we create.
I do think that we'll look back.
 And the whole field of digital biology and life sciences has been transformed.
Our whole understanding of material sciences has completely been revolutionized.
Robots are helping us do dangerous and mundane things all over the place.
 that if we wanted to drive, we can drive, but otherwise take a nap or enjoy your car like it's a home theater of yours.
Read from work to home and at that point you're hoping that you live far away and so you could be in a car for longer.
And you look back and you realize that there's this company almost at the epicenter of all of that.
 and happens to be the company that you grew up playing games with.
And I hope that that to be what the next generation learn.
Thank you so much for your time.
I enjoyed it.
Thank you.
I'm glad.
 What's the biggest misunderstanding about you?
Whenever you hear about somebody who's got ridiculous amounts of money, their values are different than your values.
You should be concerned about their agenda.
What's your biggest fear?
I'll be sad as my brain gets less capable.
That disappoints me.
Tell me one behavior we all should adopt.
Reading a lot, being a student, that's a big part of my success.
Richest and most powerful men in the world, Bill Gates has unleashed a technological revolution.
 that has changed our lives.
Bill Gates of 25 and Bill Gates of 70.
Any change that you feel personally?
In my 20s, being a maniac was the right thing.
My competitors would say, oh no, you work too hard.
And I'd say, yes, I do.
If you're in a race, your 20s when you have no wife and no children, that's the time to do it.
 If you get an opportunity to invite three Indians for dinner, who would that be?
There was a mathematician, Ramanujan.
I would have loved to have met him.
Why do you think India is becoming a global talent capital for the world?
Would hire people from India and bring them to the United States.
You know, both the United States and India were kind of mad at us because we were taking, you know, the smart people and moving them.
In India, a lot of kids also fight with their parents on inheritance.
Have your kids ever spoken to you?
Haha.
 Before we start today's episode, all I want to say is thank you to each and every one of you.
I'm really grateful that we were able to sit down with one of the most influential men in the world, the Bill Gates.
 I have been this young boy who always used to hear stories about this man, about the kind of money he has made, the kind of lives he's impacting, the kind of things he's building through Microsoft.
What do you think?
What do people misunderstand about Bill Gates?
Well, whenever you hear about somebody who's got, you know, some degree of power or, you know, ridiculous amounts of money,
 You might think they have grand schemes, and there's almost a sense that their values are different than your values, and that you should be concerned about their agenda.
 You know, hopefully for the people who actually do know me, you know, and how much I love the foundation work and, you know, how I work with my friends or my kids, you know, it's very different from the people who just think, oh, wow, you know, he's one of these guys who's, you know, pushing levers and has too much money and too much authority.
So that people misunderstand about you.
 Talking about misunderstanding, have you made any major mistake that people don't know about?
Well, some of my mistakes are very public.
I mean, Microsoft, you know, we had lots of products that didn't work, you know, we did a phone operating system and now, you know, Android, you know, took that position.
So I certainly, you know, messed that up in a huge way.
 For the foundation, we often have multiple plans.
We wanted to have an HIV vaccine.
We don't have that yet.
We're working on a very cheap toilet, but it's still too expensive.
So that's taking a lot longer.
We don't have polio eradication done.
In my case, my kids got a great upbringing and education, but less than 1% of the total wealth.
 because I decided it wouldn't be a favor to them.
It's not a dynasty.
I'm not asking them to run Microsoft.
I want to give them a chance to have their own earnings and success be significant and not overshadowed by the incredible luck.
 and good fortune I had.
And different families see that differently.
I think the people who've made fortunes from technology are less dynastic.
And, you know, so they they'll even, you know, take their capital
 and give a lot of that away.
You can have a view of giving away your capital or just giving away your earnings.
And of course, I love all philanthropy, but the tech sector is probably the most aggressive about, you know, giving most of it away.
In other sectors, you have not seen that.
 any other kind of industry where people try to give.
Not to the same degree.
It tends to be giving some portion of the profit as opposed to the actual base capital.
You know, in India, a lot of kids also fight there with their parents on inheritance.
Have your kids ever spoken to you and be like, hey, why are you not giving us everything or anything?
Has it ever happened?
 Um, you know, you don't want your kids to ever be confused about your support for them and your love for them.
I look back and
 You know, I've learned a lot since then.
But just my stamina and focus for that period of my life, you know, being kind of a maniac was the right thing.
And, you know, my competitors would say, oh, no, you work too hard.
And I'd say, yes, I do.
Do you think that's a great advice for every young person who's watching?
Well, it's not for everyone.
But if you're
 if you're in a race and
 you know, a little bit, moving a little bit faster can make a difference, then yes, your 20s when you have no wife and no children, that's the time to do it.
That's the time to be a little maniac about certain things, right?
You also just mentioned that you love learning, which obviously the world knows, but during this conversation also you just,
 talked about it like a little bit again again what are you currently learning or what do you want to learn now well there's a lot going on uh
 AI just staying on top of that is, I very much enjoy that.
And I get to sit and talk with the top people at OpenAI, and I get to play around with things.
But then when you think, OK, now, what about AI applied to mental health care?
Isn't that one of the most exciting things?
Because we can never have enough therapists, and even people who aren't
 suffering massively, maybe we could help even people with mild symptoms.
I've done it a little bit, but, you know, there's a lot of great places in India that I haven't been to.
Talking about Microsoft and taking people from here to US, people like Satya Nadella, Sundar Pichai, there have been incredible CEOs around the world.
Why do you think India is becoming a global talent capital for the world?
Do you think anything special here which is out there?
 Well, you know, 20% of the world's people live here in India, and India's had a particular emphasis on, you know, engineering, software, you know, and turned out a lot of top people.
And so when you get people like Sundar Sathya, who are both great at engineering and management,
 You know, that's a magic combination.
And, you know, so they, you know, these companies, you know, are looking anywhere in the world to find that mix.
And, you know, so India's getting that.
 about its fair share of those top leadership positions.
And, you know, it partly comes from having great universities, uh, you know, not just the IITs, but starting with them, uh, you know, that's using the incredible talent that's here.
So talking about Indian talent, you do a lot of philanthropy work here, and you've met a lot of talented people here, a lot of rich people here as well.
 Do you and you believe that all the money that rich people have or like people who have made wealth for themselves, they should use it for charity work, they should pledge it.
In India, there's a usually a lot of people believe that as parents is their duty to save everything for their kids, for the inheritance, right?
Like the kids will get everything.
Before I gave it away.
So your name would pop up.
So just to talk about you and how you made your money was a proud feeling in school and in friend circle, everybody would respect you that, Oh, you know so much about this person and that.
 From there, that kid sitting right in front of you and trying to, you know, being in a situation where I'm sitting with you and figuring out what's going on in your brain, it's an incredible opportunity.
I'm so grateful.
Thank you so much for doing this.
It's a dream come true.
Great.
We'll have to do it again.
Yes, we need to.
I've got you on camera now.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Pleasure.
I'm definitely a little nervous because it's a big, big, big podcast.
It's a big podcast, so I'm a little nervous, but
 It's time.
But I don't think it's time.
I'm excited.
Hi.
Hi.
Raj.
How are you?
Very good.
How are you?
Pleasure meeting you, sir.
Pleased to meet you.
Yes.
 I'm pretty nervous at this point.
So, just bear with me.
I had 500,000 things to talk to you and now I'm speechless.
And like, there's nothing in my eye.
Thank you so much for watching this episode till the end.
Please let us know in the comments who are the next guests that you want to see on this show.
 because we are determined to get the best of the best minds from the world and provide you the maximum value.
I'll see you next time.
Until then, keep figuring out and don't forget to share this episode with at least one person whose life will see a positive change.
 You take a deep breath and then continue speaking.
The reason people aren't comfortable with the pause is because they don't know what the pause is for.
The pause allows people to process what you're saying.
Think about it now, listeners, as you're listening to that, the moment I paused, you had a moment to process the things that I was saying.
Do you want to be more charismatic?
You see, in the world of communication, there are two fundamental areas.
Didn't that just seem really important?
 I was so bad at interactions with human beings.
There was just a period of my life where I didn't understand what anybody was saying to me.
You're saying that everyone can go from being a shy, unconfident speaker to being a prolific speaker like yourself.
Being a confident communicator, that's just another series of behaviors that you can practice.
So when people say, oh, I'm shy, I always say to them, oh, that's because you've been practicing the shy behaviors for the last 15, 20, 30, 40 years.
 What are the top three things, the practical problems that people are coming to solve when they come to you?
The number one health and wellness podcast.
Jay Shetty.
Jay Shetty.
The one, the only, Jay Shetty.
What made you commit your life to helping people find their voice and find their confidence?
 I always feel like the thing we end up doing in life tends to be something that had a massive impact on us when we were younger.
I don't know if you find the same to be true.
But for me, Manjay, when I was young, I was such a bad communicator.
I was so bad at interactions with human beings.
And the reason for that is because English is my third language.
 So I grew up first learning a Chinese dialect called Dijiu, and then I learned Vietnamese, and then I learned English.
So there was just a period of my life where I didn't understand what anybody was saying to me, and I couldn't communicate with other people.
So I just went through a period of life where I felt really isolated.
 I didn't realize that I was doing it in my career.
But you can only be self-conscious if you're thinking about yourself.
 So then stop thinking about yourself and realize it was not about you.
If you're going on stage, it's not about you.
It's about every single person you're going to serve.
And I'll be honest with you too, coming here, I felt a bit nervous, right?
But then I thought to myself, well, it's not about me.
It's about me trying to add as much value as I can to Jay's audience.
And it's about Jay.
I want to connect with Jay.
And the moment I made it about you and I made it about the audience we're about to serve, I had no cognitive capacity left to be nervous because I'm not thinking about myself.
 So to me, these three small tools, the breathing, get rid of the adrenaline and mindset shift, it helps calm you down.
And now when you go in, if you find yourself racing in it, then pause and take a deep breath.
And that's how you can remedy it.
Because if you go in, you're like, oh, I'm here, I'm really excited.
You take a deep breath and then continue speaking.
And right after the deep breath,
 it's going to slow your speech right down.
Even when I did it there, I all of a sudden feel more relaxed now.
Yeah.
The reason people aren't comfortable with the pause is because they don't know what the pause is for.
Right.
And when you think the pause is useless, that's why you develop the behavior of filling the pause.
Always talking.
 non-filler words as well.
And so like, do you know what I mean?
We do that because we don't understand the power of the pause.
Whereas the pause allows people to process what you're saying.
Think about it now, listeners, as you're listening to that, the moment I paused, you just did it again.
You had a moment to process the things that I was saying.
If I just talk really quickly and I don't pause at all when I'm talking, all of a sudden now, everything that I say has no clear points because you don't have any time to process anything that I'm saying.
All of a sudden, everything after a while becomes mumbo jumbo.
 Right?
It just becomes nothing.
100%.
Whereas pausing gives people time to process, pausing gives you time to breathe so that you can relax, so that you don't speak too quickly.
There are so many benefits to it.
I mean, think of music again.
When do you think people speak really fast?
When they're feeling what?
 when they're nervous, scared, anxious, et cetera, right?
So you kind of have to address it at the core there.
So what you need to do is you have to identify when are you speaking fast?
In which situations are you speaking fast?
Oh, it's when I'm in a job interview.
Oh, it's when I'm going in for my quarterly review.
Well, great.
Now you know in these isolated situations, the triggers are high pressure situations.
Okay, cool.
That means before you go into those situations, you need to still your mind and your body.
 Again, it comes back to breathing, right?
I couldn't believe it, but there were workshops that I was invited to and I did some of them.
I couldn't believe we could spend three to four days on breathing.
And then I found out there was a seven-day workshop on breathing.
I went, seven days?
There's so much profound wisdom in the breath.
And I did not understand it until I started learning more about it.
So again, breathing, before you go in.
 go with the Wim Hof breathing, and that will slow down your mind and slow down your body, and then all of a sudden it slows down your speech.
The next thing is, adrenaline also causes you to speed and speak really quickly.
 So before you go into a presentation or something that's making you nervous, get rid of the adrenaline.
Some brisk walking, do a couple of pushups, do some star jumps.
I know you call them jumping jacks here in New York.
Yeah, mate, it's not called a jumping jack, it's a star jump, right?
So do a couple of- We call it star jumps in England.
Oh, you do?
Yeah.
The Americans have it wrong.
Who the hell's Jack?
So all of a sudden, do 20 star jumps.
 And when you do that, you get rid of all the adrenaline.
The adrenaline is what makes you shake, and also what makes you speak really quickly.
Because when you start to shake, it's sending signals to your brain that you're nervous.
Now you start to think you're nervous, and when you think you're nervous, now you're speaking really quickly, right?
So again, these things help slow you down.
Now, those are things you can do before you go in.
A few years after that, after all the training as well, I was probably speaking to rooms of zero to five people.
 and pouring my heart out into just five people.
And even now when I look back, I loved it because I just got to be so proficient and practiced.
And so when someone's saying, oh, do I have to do this for four weeks or wait, only five people are showing up or whatever those things are, those are actually really, really beautiful moments.
I wanted to ask you, what was your first time public speaking?
What was the first ever experience on stage?
Have you recovered from that experience?
 I have now.
I have now, but even though I started getting trained when I was 11, I probably didn't get half decent until I was like 17 or 18.
That's why when you said you can get people then three to four years, I'm like, that's pretty good because if I started at 11, I probably got half decent at 16 to 18.
I wasn't good when I was like 12, 13, 14.
All those years were just, you know.
 It's such a common story among many of the students that I coach.
There usually is some kind of event when they were younger that has led them to believe that I'm terrible at this thing because there wasn't the right support.
You were thrown into that.
You didn't even practice.
You didn't even learn the words, right?
So again, you were set up to almost fail.
And a lot of the oral presentations that we do when we're young, that's what they're called, right?
Oh, you're going to do a presentation.
We're set up to fail.
 When you're 11 and you have to do this presentation in front of your class, do they teach you how to use your hands?
Do they teach you where to put your notes?
Do they teach you how to summarize notes and not write the whole damn thing on cue cards?
No, they're setting you up to fail.
So this is such a common story because our school system, the entire year has one day where we have to go on in front of the class and do it.
And guess what happens that day?
I'm sick, mom.
I can't go to school.
I'm sick.
And then you miss the one day you have training.
And then if you do the training, you're all set up to fail.
 you're all set up to, so every person has a version of this.
I'm going to try that.
Yeah, give that a go.
I'm going to give that a go.
That's awesome.
It's an intoxicating mix.
I love that.
Yeah, my routine's a lot more simple.
But I love, no, but you're right.
Everyone needs one.
I went on my world tour two years ago now.
We did 40 cities across three to four months around the world.
Got to come to Australia, a place that I absolutely loved.
It was my first time there.
 I didn't get to come to Adelaide, I hope I do next time.
I know, we're offended by the way.
Yeah, please don't be.
We did Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, and honestly, there was something about the Australian people that stuck with me.
I was telling you this a bit earlier, there was this banter back, which I loved.
I would banter with people on stage, I'd, you know, little quips and things and they'd come back at it and I loved it.
And the other thing was, everyone was so grateful.
 Everyone would just say to me, they'd be like, thank you for coming all this way.
And I was like, wait a minute.
You came to see my show.
I should be thanking you.
And I was.
I was so grateful that people turned up in the thousands that came out.
And it was just amazing.
Everyone was so grateful.
There was such a great energy.
But the reason I brought it up is I realized that my tour schedule was extremely different from a keynote.
Because a keynote is I've got to do it once.
 And then it's done.
This was every night, if not every other night, if not sometimes in Australia, I did two shows back to back.
On the same day?
On the same day, because we were at the Sydney Opera House for two days, but we did two shows in one day, one show the next day.
So three shows across two days, and then went to, I think it was Brisbane or Melbourne that was last.
And so my tour schedule was different, but I realized I had to stop eating at 12,
 My show was at 8 p.m.
I had to stop eating at 12.
I'd have a protein bar around 5, 6 p.m. to give me that little bit of boost of energy.
I'd have a sparkling water because I preferred that just before I went on.
And then I would have to eat.
I'd get off stage at 10, do a meet and greet for two hours, and then I'd eat at midnight every day.
 Now that's not my normal schedule at all.
I couldn't,
 all of a sudden go, dad, refugee, been through the war, and immediately say, magician.
To him, it's like, what the frick is that?
That doesn't make sense.
But as I slowly shared my wins with him on my journey, I was able to open my dad's mind.
So my dad got to be a part of the journey with me and my mom.
And when he thanked me for that, it was one of the sweetest moments because you could have very easily gave up on me.
And now we have this beautiful relationship.
And it's one of my most important relationships.
 Yeah, that's beautiful, man.
Thank you for sharing that.
That counts as one word.
No, no, no.
I wanted to hear it.
Fifth and final question.
We ask this to every guest who's ever been on the show.
If you could create one law that everyone in the world had to follow, what would it be?
Use your instrument to spread more love, kindness, and compassion.
 Vin Jiang, thank you so much.
Such an honor having you here.
I hope I get to do this many, many more times together.
Thank you, Jay.
If all of you are listening and watching, if you don't already follow Vin on social media, we will put all the links in the comments.
Go and follow him across TikTok, Instagram, all platforms.
I really hope that this episode makes you a better communicator to your partner, your parents,
 in your profession, in all areas of your life.
It's such a key skill that's needed.
And I would love to see on Instagram and TikTok the clips, the moments, the parts that really stood out to you.
Tag us both so we can see what you're practicing.
If you do a video of yourself every day and start posting or practicing, tag us in it.
I want to see it.
 I really, really want to see it.
I really, really want to see it.
It would be so awesome.
I'd love to be able to interact with you all and see how much you've grown from it.
And again, Vin, you are welcome back to On Purpose anytime you want.
So, I hope you'll come back and we'll see you again.
100%.
Thank you, man.
Cheers, brother.
Thank you.
If you love this episode, you'll love my interview with Dr. Gabor Mate on understanding your trauma and how to heal emotional wounds to start moving on from the past.
 Everything in nature grows only where it's vulnerable.
So a tree doesn't grow where it's hard and thick, does it?
 Mr.
Beast, welcome to Figuring Out.
I flew all the way to India just to be on this podcast.
I heard this is the number one podcast.
You're like the Joe Rogan of India.
I am the Raj Chamani of India.
Let's just put it this way.
Okay.
Are you all ready?
Start the timer.
What have you sacrificed in order to reach where you are?
I mean, I literally sacrificed everything.
How much are you spending in a year?
 Well over 200 million dollars spent on content this year between the Amazon show and the main channel.
Fuck.
If you have to tell every YouTuber to ask themselves three questions, what would be those three questions?
Step one is this video original.
If you're driving down the road and you just see a cow, you're never going to think about that again.
 But if you're driving down the road and you see a cow and it's purple, you're going to look five times and you're never going to forget that.
And I think that same logic does apply to ideas.
The second thing would be, you know, am I truly putting as much effort into this video as possible?
The third question would be, what am I improving from last time?
If you had a podcast, what would you do?
 What you really need to be focused on is like, how do I articulate better?
My questions are more well-researched and I'm asking things that no other podcast has asked this person.
So they feel like they're getting more valueless.
Relentless obsession with making a better product.
How much money do you make in a year?
I...
 We all go through moments when we urgently need to send something to someone or get something from someone.
But we often don't know about quick and reliable delivery options, and we end up spending more money while still facing delays.
That's where Porter's amazing two-wheeler delivery service comes as a savior for families, businessmen, and young people.
 Whether you need to deliver something at your home for your parents, pick up something from a friend's place, or send an important office document to someone, Porter's two-wheeler delivery service handles it all quickly and at a budget-friendly price.
So now, deliver anything, anytime, anywhere.
 it's still fine.
Like the bar looks fine.
Even when you open it, it doesn't destroy the consumer experience.
I mean, I prefer it not, but before we didn't have these break points.
So it was basically like the bar was just a giant pane of glass.
So when it fell like this, it would shatter.
Yeah.
And so then there's like, then it would all come down here.
 And then so it would, it was bad, like really, really bad.
So we fucked up on the box.
Uh, we also, we now do cold seal on the things here so we can get it closer to the bar.
So the, the wrapper is way tighter.
We used to do heat seals on our manufacturing lines.
So because of that, you don't want to melt the chocolate.
So you had to have a more space between the chocolate and the seal.
 which gave it more wiggle room, which made it way more prone to breaking.
So we switched the cold seal.
So now the wrapper's tighter.
So it hugs it better.
So it's way less prone to breaking.
We also made the bar a little bit thicker.
So it's a little more durable.
So like, I mean, I messed up in every way imaginable, like the box, all of these things you learn on the way.
Yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
Like the box was not engineered correctly.
Uh, the bar was too, was too breakable.
The packaging was not tight enough and we didn't have the machinery.
So we had to like completely switch that to where we could.
And I, I probably, I didn't know the difference between hot seal and cold seal.
I just was like, Oh, everyone just seals it the same way.
No, it's like, that's why our wrappers weren't tight enough.
And so we had to switch to that.
And, um, I mean, I can go on and on and on.
I mean, it was just even like the way the branding looked like even these, these are, uh, it's funny.
Here's a great case study.
 Look at the difference between these two boxes.
I assume that camera over there can see it.
Notice how like, see how this orange strip down here is small and this red one's bigger.
So this is a newer Fiestl's box.
This one's probably whatever, like four or five months old.
So another problem is when all the flavors were side by side, it was really hard from a distance to tell which flavor was which.
So even after I engineered the new boxes, I updated the colors now.
Now it's like, if this was the newer one, the newer orange is also a little bit brighter.
 So now you can, from a distance, actually be able to tell the flavors where it was a lot harder before.
Because, uh, one thing I think you might've noticed when you're watching, it's like, I don't, if you watch normal reality shows, like they do a lot of cutaways and takeaways, like something will happen and they cut to someone like in a room, like, you know, that they filmed after the show and, and get their thoughts on it, which I don't like, there's a lot of things that,
 normal reality shows do that I didn't like.
And so step one was like, how are we going to be different?
Right.
Just like on YouTube, we didn't do what everyone else did.
We formed our own lane.
I wanted to figure that out.
So, uh, you know, watched quite a few reality shows and just took notes on like, I don't like that.
They do this.
I don't like that this, I don't like that.
Um, and then once we kind of figured out like,
 what I think first principle, first principles wise would be an optimal reality show.
Like, again, I don't care what other people do.
What do we think a 21st century reality challenge shows should look like once we, you know, kind of wrote those principles out, then, you know,
 wrote the whole thing, rewrote the whole thing, rewrote the whole thing, which this wasn't me.
I have a phenomenal team of people who, who do a lot of this because obviously I'm also still grinding YouTube 25 days a month filming and everything we already talked about.
So I had to lean on like these just world class people I have hired.
Um, and this is where anyone specific of
 for the Amazon.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
So we went like one day on the Amazon show, like as it was leading up to before we were filming, I walked on set.
There was over a thousand people on set, some of them building sets, other of them writing, some of them running cables for the camera.
I mean, like it's like absurd.
Like so.
But yeah.
So step one is you got to write it, which I mean, we probably rewrote the show like at least 20 times.
I mean, it's like because
 you don't really know what's possible, right?
Like at one point, I wanted to do this thing that we didn't end up doing, which is like, I wanted to go in a desert.
And when we had 50 contestants, I wanted to get like 50 machine guns.
So picture like 10 machine guns and then below it, another row of 10 machine guns, another row of 10 machine guns, another row of 10 machines.
So like five rows of 10 machine guns each.
And then I wanted to put like a mannequin really far out in the desert.
Whereas if they just, yeah, we're like Ferrero, let's sell $4 bag of gummies.
Everyone bag I sell will give me 80 cents and put this shit nationwide.
Like they could make pretty good money doing that.
 Do you think in India it will work?
Like the creator-led models or the celebrity-led models?
Because in US, celebrity-led brands has always worked.
Well, not like...
I wouldn't say like it has worked for everyone.
Exactly.
Like time and time again, like a lot of people have worked.
There are celebrity brands in America that have worked.
Yes, like Conor McGregor, I believe his whiskey crushed
 Like Ryan Reynolds, Kim Kardashian, Kylie Jenner.
Yeah.
So there, uh, but they're like, you just listed maybe half of the actual truly successful ones.
So that's where you, cause we're, you got to look at like over the last 20 years, you know, we can probably count on our two hands, the amount of actual real success.
 The brands have worked.
Feastival is doing good.
Prime is fucking killing it.
In India, we haven't seen, like around the world, I haven't seen other brands.
Like, do you think it'll work in this part of the world?
Um, well, this is where I'm ignorant because there has to be celebrity brands or something that I've done well around the world.
I can't just, but, uh, yeah.
Do I think there'll be an implosion where it will start working for more and more people kind of like in America?
Um,
 I, it's hard to say because like, uh, the, um, I don't know, like, like, uh,
 Virat Kohli, if he wanted to do something with cricket, like he could obviously have the most successful cricket line.
I don't know if he does.
I don't, I'm not as big of a follower as of him, but he has a bunch of brands under his.
Okay.
But so, so you said a bunch, right?
And that's what like Ronaldo and Messi and like big athletes do, but they tend to do a lot of brands.
But if Virat Kohli theoretically was just like,
 I'm just doing this one thing.
And like, we're doing a lot now.
 well over $200 million spent on content this year between the Amazon show and the main channel and all these ancillary things we're doing.
Yeah, it's getting pretty crazy.
Insane.
$200 million you're spending.
 Yeah, over 200 million on content this year.
I saw a post on, I think some wealth page or some shit like that.
Okay.
Some page where it showed top 10 influencers, uh, top highest top 10 highest paid influences of 2024.
And you were number one.
Yeah.
Forbes just released that couple of, I only know because everyone texted me it.
Yeah.
So it's that number two, a hundred million dollars.
I thought it said 85.
Yeah.
Some, somewhere close.
Yeah.
It said 85 million.
Yes.
 Well, thank you so much.
Thanks for having me.
That sums up almost all my questions.
I wish that we could spend more time together, but... No, but honestly, I think this is a good time for them to go watch Beast Games on Prime Video right now.
They already will.
They must have watched it already.
Right now.
 Thank you so much for watching this episode till the end.
Please let us know in the comments what did you like about this episode and what you didn't.
What are the other topics and guests who you want to see on the episode on this podcast so that we can get them for you and provide you all the value and insights that we're already doing for you.
 Please comment and let us know.
Also, send this episode to at least one person whose life is gonna change after watching this episode and understanding this conversation.
And don't forget to subscribe this channel because the more you subscribe, the more we grow, the more we grow, the better and the bigger the guess we get just like this episode.
I'll see you next time.
Until then, keep figuring out.
 I think you're going to be the prime minister one day of this country.
What do you think?
This is a good option, you can say.
Do you feel comfortable to share with me how you lost your sights?
 I lost my vision due to a brain tumour.
Craniofragment.
When I was 14 months old, I lost my vision completely and at the age of 16 months, I went through the brain surgery to remove that brain tumour.
And I lost my vision due to that.
One auntie came to my house and she was really sad.
Oh my God.
16 months.
One surgery.
8 years old.
Another surgery.
How can it happen?
You know, to break the ice, I told that auntie, first surgery,
 was there to install the software, and the second one is to upgrade the software.
Yeah.
When you look back about what happened to you, how do you feel about it?
I feel whatever happened, it was nice.
I'll tell you the reason.
If the second brain tumor surgery wouldn't have happened, then no Ruby Hall, no blind school, no Thinkerbell Labs, no Shark Tank, no faith.
Nothing.
I wouldn't have been here.
 Did you ever felt angry at God for what happened to you?
Tell me about your mom.
I don't know your mom.
Tell me, how is your mom?
 She's, you know, really nice.
She cooperates and, you know, whatever I know, she has taught me in homeschooling and whatever.
So, you know, she's really nice.
And she really, you know, about coming on camera or anything, she doesn't come in front.
She always puts me there.
But yeah, I think she's really nice and she needs to speak her mind.
Tell me something interesting about your mom that I don't know.
Something interesting.
 She's perfect in everything.
Really?
Yeah.
Like what?
Give me an example.
Then I got the opportunity of Shark Tank India and I never looked back.
 The second brain tumor surgery wouldn't have happened.
Then no Ruby Hall, no blind school, no Tinkerbell labs, no Shark Tank, no way.
Nothing.
I wouldn't have been here if I wouldn't, the second brain tumor surgery wouldn't have been there.
So I think that God had planned everything, which I don't know, which anyone didn't know.
I don't know what's going to happen, but God knows that.
I just believed him and
 By believing Him, now I'm here and I'll go further.
That is so beautiful, man.
Thank you for sharing that.
How do you believe in God?
For me, God is, you know,
 God is my creator and God is one because of whom I got everything.
You know, in Hinduism, we believe on three gods, Brahma, Vishnu, Mahesh and Mahadev.
Okay.
So, Brahma is the creator who created this world.
 Vishnu is the preserver because of whom the world is going and Mahadev, He is the most supreme one.
He destroys and also He is the most supreme God.
So, I believe on Mahadev and I think that Mahadev is the one who is driving me and because of whom I am getting all of these opportunities.
 Wow, beautiful.
You know what?
Something that I connect with you is that I told you that my father died also with a brain tumor when he was 39 years old.
I'm standing with that upgrade in front of you, everyone.
Oh man, you are so good.
Can I give you a hug?
Yes.
Yes, give me a hug, man.
Man, I'm enjoying so much this conversation.
Same here.
I heard that you have a dream, right?
You have a big dream.
What's your biggest dream?
 I want to be an IAS officer.
So IAS is the Indian Administrative Services.
These are the civil services.
So first I thought about the army, but then I got to know that uniform job is not for specially abled people.
Then I thought that if I want to serve the country, I will
 in administrative form.
So I thought about the IAS and I want to work more for the inclusion, for the upliftment of the specially abled people and for their betterment of a specially abled.
And that I can do through inclusion, through by being an IAS officer, I can make the society inclusive and I can spread that message.
So that is my dream.
 Wow.
How do you feel like, we talk a lot about inclusion in India, what are your thoughts about the current situation of inclusion in India?
So I think, comparing to earlier, we have proceeded a lot in terms of inclusion.
 But I can say one thing that inclusion is the most important thing.
You lived in Singapore and everything, you must have seen how inclusive they are, right?
So inclusion is really important.
The thing is why foreign countries have more manpower
 And they have taken specially abled people as well to increase their manpower.
We can also do something but people are not able to realize that.
I always believe on setting one target and working your level best towards it.
I follow Helen Keller.
Yeah, why?
So she was deaf and visually impaired despite of all of this.
 She was an author, advocate, political activist and many things.
In fact, I want to tell you one thing.
The device I am brand ambassador of Annie.
Annie is named after Helen Keller's teacher Anne Sullivan.
 Yeah.
So, I always follow Helen Keller and her quotes.
She always said that the most beautiful things in life cannot be seen or even touched.
They must be felt with the heart.
Wow.
Yeah.
So, I always believe in that.
I follow Helen Keller, I follow Swami Vivekananda, their positive quotes and that's how I proceed.
 These are my inspirations.
And yeah, my parents are always there.
They're not my inspiration, in fact, they're my lifeline.
So good.
Look at your mom is just laughing there a lot.
Wow.
Thank you.
So nice.
Let's take it a bit light.
Tell me, what has been some of the most funny questions that people ask you?
 Ranveer Rathab hadiya.
I went to his show.
He's a really big podcaster.
So he asked me that, do you have a love life, a girlfriend?
That was a funny question.
Yeah?
Why was it a funny question?
See, I don't have a love life or anything.
And I believe that, you know, in Hinduism, or anywhere, I believe that
 So we should bless and people who are not good around us, we should still think about them, about their learnings and we should bless them so maybe they will change someday or the other.
Wow, love it.
Last question, what is the one thing that you want people to remember from this conversation?
If there's only one thing.
 Only one thing which I actually, you know...
I want them to remember the whole conversation, but... Yeah.
One thing I want them to remember is about being kind.
 As I told, Momaywan, Shudjeev Loke, Jeev Bhoota Sanatana, my favorite shloka, okay.
So, being kind is really important.
You should be kind and always you should be kind towards everyone, towards every living being on earth and always remember that what you do comes back to you.
 It's just like a boomerang.
It's just like a ball, you can say.
It will bounce back.
It will come back.
So always remember what you are doing.
It will again happen with you.
So being kind is really important.
Kindness is really important.
Be kind.
This I want to remember.
This I want people to remember.
Wow.
What a wonderful way to end our conversation, Prathamesh.
Prathamesh, I really enjoyed and I think you are my favorite guest.
 Thank you, thank you.
Artemis, I really, really loved our conversation.
I'm very inspired by you and I'll be cheering on you so that I know you want to do much bigger things in life with a lot of kindness.
Thank you.
Yeah?
Yes, thank you.
So good.
No, hello?
Watch out!
He's out of place.
Oh!
I'm so terrified.
Charge!
You know what?
We might, but not for long.
 I know that hurts.
32 players remain.
Just like that, they let him live.
Yo, bro!
 All right, I have a strategy, so here's what we're gonna do.
How many totems do you have, Cloud?
Oh!
I'm gonna hide behind it.
I got full iron and webs.
He's getting away.
Oh, you're nice with it, bro.
Full iron?
All right, the border is small.
 Oh, he's out, he's out.
Cloud, what's going on?
We can get geared up there.
Bump!
 Wow, this is an embarrassing position to be in.
Like, I'm not lying, in PVP.
Beast.
Don't even worry.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
This is the last stand.
I'm so scared!
You think so?
I wanna kill.
No!
Yes.
Scared?
Yeah, I just have to accept my fate that I'm dead.
He just went, he just went far right.
Form!
Maddie, no!
Okay, we definitely made quite a bit of distance, bro, but we're just killing time, dude.
We gotta fight.
 Not going fast enough.
We got this, boys.
Flo!
Is that Flo?
No, he killed both my friends.
Kind of, kind of.
I haven't seen you in a while, bro.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, where will he go?
We gotta be first.
Tanner, run for your life!
Let's see what you got.
Sip over!
Don't wait!
They're boxing him in.
Ah, he's shooting!
We just have to pop him one more time.
Look.
Charge this guy!
Come on, boys!
What's going on, buddy?
No, he went down!
Oh, my gosh.
I'm renaming Cloud to Thanos.
Let's have a final stand!
Napa, you just won your fans 50 grand.
 He's fighting back.
 Come on!
We got to make a stand in the middle.
Split up!
No!
He can only play risky one more time.
He's just too good.
Oh!
 Everyone's building above him with the hopes of trapping them.
We have to help.
I got you.
Keep going, keep going, follow him, follow him, follow him.
All right, get ready.
And since there's only 50 of them left, they also just got their gear upgraded.
 That's a straight shot down.
Everyone evacuate!
What up, G?
Are you going to follow him down in the abyss?
 This is what I'm getting.
I'm dead.
The more enclosed of a space he has, he can't pearl.
I'm targeting the most dangerous players and then the good PvPers after that.
They're all in the middle.
Guys, keep going after him.
Yo, what up, what up?
I don't know if everybody else is going for the castle, but dude, we gotta be first.
Hey, you guys gotta come up.
I got some good hits on him.
Sorry bro, you're too dangerous.
Get him!
Come, come, come, come in the corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner, corner.
Hey, man.
I got some hits on him.
I know that hurts.
It's nice for me when they're all together.
This is beautiful.
Yo, get in the center!
Pressure him!
33 players remain.
Watch out!
I guess I'm going on foot from now on.
Pressure him!
Why is he letting the border shrink so much?
Get him, get him, get him, get him, get him, get him.
What's the plan?
We gotta run!
Let's make an enclosed area where he can't pearl out of.
Oh my goodness, he took so much.
 You're not going fast enough.
Guys, run!
Let's fight.
Cloud might be in trouble.
I'm running a little bit low on armor durability.
Your best shot is to go in different directions.
It's a bionic.
He's bottoming up.
Join the alliance.
Good luck, Cloud.
Sooner or later, you will have to face Cloud.
Do not let him go!
We have to fight.
 Yo, what's good, boys?
He's over there.
 All right, contestants, now that 30 minutes have gone by, we're gonna upgrade the loot in the chest.
Get him!
He's over there.
If he manages to kill all of them, I will give him $50,000.
We got to make a stand in the middle.
I'm scared.
I'll build a trap for you.
I love this strategy.
Wait!
All right, clown, so far you've killed nine people, and they have killed your horse.
That is just so bad, dude.
All right, starting now, the border will not stop shrinking.
Stand your ground!
I have one.
I got split up.
Hey, Pearl, catch this pearl.
Okay, they're trying to have him surrounded.
Oh, my gosh.
Cloud, the zone's pretty small.
 We got to get out of here get in my boat get in my boat get in my boat Go underwater and break dirt.
We gotta hide!
 I gathered 100 YouTubers to face the deadliest Minecraft player in existence.
He's fighting back!
Yeah, I actually agree.
Yeah, I mean, it's a straight shot.
Oh, no.
Let's just kill him!
That's bad.
No!
No, you're dead, bro!
Guys, he's on his final totem.
This is where things get real.
 Half our team is dead.
Hey, what's up?
Get him, get him, get him.
No!
Are you guys the archers up here?
Swim up.
Oh!
What do you need TNT for when you have a beautiful, beautiful Netherite sword?
Let's rush in!
Viva la resistance!
OK, he's still going this way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
He's running out of hearts.
Yo, we're gonna show them who the real circus people are!
Oh my god, you guys got stacked from this castle, huh?
Are you drowning?
I think now's the time where it's worth it to make a box, because there's so few of us.
We have to fight together.
Oh my gosh, he has a bow.
Don't let him run away!
We have to fight or we have no chance.
Hey, there's another one over here.
Oh.
Don't let him run away!
Everybody make a box.
But if you want any hope of beating him, you might want to work together.
He's still going this way.
He popped, popped, popped, popped, popped.
Charge!
He's on us.
I have a stone pickaxe.
Run!
I'm so scared.
They might kill him right here.
I don't want anybody backing out.
Come on, we can do this!
Oh, they're boxing him in.
Oh, he is.
 Oh, he killed your horse.
He's running out of hearts.
The hunter becomes the hunted.
Yo, bro!
I'm moving away from this area.
Dude, I'm full diamond, dog.
OK, let's go.
 Wait, I see someone!
Oh, my god.
I think we should go on to round.
Flo!
Yo, dive on my hands, clown.
No, clown, please, man!
Bump!
I gotta get to the center and make a sky base.
It's the best we can do right now, bro.
Poland, let's go, bro.
I see someone!
No!
Oh!
Watch out!
Form!
It's going to kill him.
Let's go, let's go!
Oh, oh, oh, you popped it.
He's on us.
Dude, I'm shaking.
Scattered around this island are hundreds of chests with loot that you will need in order to kill ClownPierce.
He's coming though, he's coming.
I got some hits on him.
No!
Yo, we might have to hide in the floor.
The final frontier!
Let's go kill him!
Dude, Flo, thank God, bro.
Go, go, go, go, go!
Oh, my god.
Let's go crit him out.
Another one down.
Subscribe to Mr.
Yo, don't pearl on me.
Good luck.
A small militia has formed.
Here, I got you.
You really shouldn't.
Do not let him go!
34 players remain.
Honestly, I think the strat is just live and play for restock.
It's okay, it's okay, just keep going.
Form!
Alright, yeah.
He won't find you I don't have humanity
Come on.
Diamond and netherite, are you kidding me?
All right, he's moving, he's moving.
He's not gonna be able to get out.
No!
 Oh, you think I'd be scared?
Let's have a final stand, bro.
We gotta run, Tanner!
Oh my, look at that.
Get him.
Yeah, we gotta join in.
Hoorah!
That is not smart.
Guys, Clown's coming towards us, by the way.
Look, look, look.
We're just killing time.
But if one of these creators manages to kill ClownPierce, I will give $50,000 to one of their subscribers.
We gotta join in.
Yeah.
Guys, there's power in numbers!
Oh!
 Oh no!
Stand your ground!
Cloud, reinforcements are coming in.
Let's see what you got, bro.
Come on, we can do this, we can do this!
So these are the various resource stashes that I've hidden all over the map.
We're gonna go back to the jungle.
 I gotta go, I gotta go.
It will not stop.
I got him at once!
Can Clown do it?
Wait, that doesn't scare you?
Oh, my goat.
Wait, he's over there.
Go, follow, follow.
Let's go!
 Oh my gosh, I got loot.
Yo, I'm not gonna lie, listen, I'm top 25 in the world, okay?
Oh my god.
There's a huge jungle temple there.
Where will he go?
You shouldn't.
 I got him at once!
That was genius!
Oh, there.
Oh my god.
WHAT?!
I have the swords.
WHAT?!
Like the odds are in our favor then.
He's gotta be nearby.
A whole pun has just gone to shit.
Oh, is it?
I'm towering, I'm towering.
We need to move fast.
Where is he?
WHAT?!
Wait!
All right, saplings.
What?
Why is he in here?
A village.
Were you guys recording?
 Oh, there it is, there it is!
 That's perfect, actually.
He's worked it out.
Are you joking me?
Thank you.
Come on, bro.
That's nice.
Actually, you bridge, you're better.
What did you guys get?
Oh my god, what happened?
Someone stay on him.
No, mine.
It's this way.
No, I don't think so.
Saplings and apples.
I'm trying.
WHAT?!
Is the portal this way?
Oh my God.
WHAT?!
Oh my goodness.
I am really out of my mind.
Minecraft Manhunt.
Yeah, here.
 Oh my god has made the advancement free the end.
Obsidian.
Keep your eyes peeled, because he could be near us.
All right, let's go.
Wait, why am I still wearing this?
WHAT?!
Is it this way?
I like this.
Oh my god.
Stay ahead.
 He's about to get men.
I just went through.
Come here dolphin.
Okay.
Dig.
Look at him!
I'm getting the blacksmith.
Boost me, boost me.
We're gonna solve that mystery.
This is not even that good.
Stay with him.
Beat his legs.
Yes!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
I can't kill them.
WHAT?!
Wait, I think Sabnock has some, because I gave it to him from the village.
He has to be low.
Okay, fatmap.
Let's go.
 What just happened?
WHAT?!
He's going in the water again.
What?
WHAT?!
Hurry, Sapnap, I'm gonna go try and kill him.
I'm getting wood.
Did he have stone in his inventory?
Oh my god.
Hey, what's taking your time, Drew?
WHAT?!
 Oh my- George, look at the sharpness I got on this sword.
WHAT?!
What's that dreamy poo coming after you?
He's so done.
WHAT?!
 Okay, enderpearl across this.
How did he know to do that?
WHAT?!
Get him, Creeper!
Wait, can I have a lapis?
Lead the way.
That is the luckiest you've ever been.
You're very welcome.
This is not where we came in.
They linked up.
How would you know my inventory stuff?
Team Creeper!
Look at him!
No one's on him.
WHAT?!
Wait, what?
Okay, hold on.
I think so.
What, what, what?
WHAT?!
Oh my god.
No!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
If we see him, kill him.
What?
He's got Lillipat!
GG.
WHAT?!
And...
Fight us.
Oh my God.
WHAT?!
Kill him!
Yes!
Stop!
Oh, can someone enchant this for me?
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
We have to get out.
So here we are.
Oh yeah, I do.
Oh my god, that's twice in a row.
Yes.
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
Scooby-Dooby-Doo, I see you.
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
There.
Vocalize.
WHAT?!
Track him?
WHAT?!
Also, only a small percentage of people that watch my videos are actually subscribed, so if you end up liking this video, consider subscribing.
WHAT?!
I think we're close.
Oh, tree!
Snapnap, come on.
Give me.
 Sapnap, did you pick up George's blaze rods?
Can you break these?
Whatever, it's gone to something.
WHAT?!
I can't, I don't have a pickaxe.
WHAT?!
No, you haven't?
We're so close.
 Oh my god.
Come on.
What?
You're lying.
Get a little bit of a head start.
 Do you guys have enough for a diamond pick?
 Oh my god!
There he is, go, go!
Let's meme him.
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
Wow.
I don't believe you.
WHAT?!
I have gone over the scenarios in my head and there are 6.96969 billion outcomes and only one of them do I win.
Finish him!
No way!
Fight us.
Where'd he go?
Dreamy dream, I love you.
 Snapnap, we're close.
I finally got them.
Mine down.
WHAT?!
 We're looking for some wine.
What did you find?
I've enchanted every piece of my armor.
We need gold.
I know that he messed up my job.
WHAT?!
No way.
Oh, crap, crap, crap, crap.
I just need pearls.
You didn't have that.
I'm back.
I missed my pearl.
Oh my god!
WHAT?!
You can't even get- you're not even funny.
Look at him!
If we can get back to the overworld before him.
Where is he?
Dang it!
I'm sorry.
WHAT?!
We're looking for some wine.
I have some what?
What?
Let's go.
If he makes it to the portal before we do... Where's the portal?
WHAT?!
No.
WHAT?!
What was that?
WHAT?!
Yes!
 Dang it!
WHAT?!
I'm right behind him.
WHAT?!
Look at him!
Come on!
You're gonna fall iron in an iron sword?
I'm here again.
Or should we save this for armor?
What?
He's done.
WHAT?!
I see his crafting bench.
WHAT?!
What?
Stay with me.
Guys, we need enough for a... Are we gonna get obsidian?
This way.
You guys stay on him.
WHAT?!
Oh my god!
Yes!
I want to kiss you.
I don't know.
I enchanted that.
Oh, they're in the sky.
WHAT?!
I outgear him.
Did he go down here, SadNap?
You will die.
 Hello, Dream.
Come here, Dream.
Are you alright?
Where'd he go?
 Did you find something?
WHAT?!
How am I gonna fight you?
Oh, I just boosted him.
He's going down, he's going down, he's going down.
No, I... Oh, dang it!
WHAT?!
The dragon!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
Yes!
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
Let's get him.
I'm going through, I'm going through.
Fatmaps, do you have any blocks?
Let's get him.
I caught up.
What?!
I like this.
I'll make us swords.
Dream asked him!
Die!
WHAT?!
I want to see that!
WHAT?!
Do the thingy, just load up everything.
 He did, but I don't know where he is.
WHAT?!
There's no helping it.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my God.
Look at him!
Let's go.
Look at him!
No!
Right behind him.
Because I've got a bad enchantment on it.
Give me four lapis, please.
WHAT?!
We're coming after you.
What worked?
Wait, what?
Okay, are we ready to go?
WHAT
WHAT?!
 Chet, we are live, okay?
Yo, stop!
Stop!
Stop moving!
Okay, chill, chill, chill.
So stop!
Okay, okay.
What's wrong with you, nigga?
Chet, every time when I move, he has to move.
Nah, chill.
I'm not doing nothing.
 Come here, boy!
Come here, boy!
Come here!
You ready for this shit?
All right, choose a character.
Whichever you gotta choose, my boy.
Bro, they don't have any black ones, bro.
Like, that's pissing me off, bro.
I need a black character.
All right, you be the girl, so you can be my boy.
Okay?
Hey.
Ow!
Okay, stop.
No, stop.
Speed, speed, stop.
Stop, bro.
Chill out with that shit, bro.
What's wrong with you, bro?
 Bro, sit down.
Sit down.
I need some slack.
My name is Old Man.
I'm Old Man.
My name is Young Man.
Come on.
Old Man, Bobby Brown, Young Man, Kassanat.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
 All right, okay, all right, all right.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
All right, let's go.
Oh man, Bobby Brown and young Kassanet.
Young Kassanet.
What the?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
What's up?
Do you want to escape the fleet?
What the is that?
Who the is that talking?
Who the is that talking?
Is that Duke?
 That's Harry Maguire!
N***a, uh, no.
 One go.
Yeah, you're more like one go.
So when I have one go like that means like, okay.
Three, two, one go.
Perfect.
I like that.
I like that.
Three, two, one go.
Three, two, one go.
Okay.
Three, two, one go.
Nice.
Three, two,
 1 to go.
3, 2, 1, go.
Ooh, that was risky.
All right, momentum.
3, 2, 1, go.
Remember, these fall down.
3, 2, 1, go.
 Come back down, here it goes.
It comes up, comes up.
Relax, relax.
Here we go, be careful.
Down.
Right.
Down.
Right.
Jump.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Come on, we're getting there.
Come on, come on.
We're getting there, we're getting there, we're getting there, we're getting there.
Three, two, one, go.
I swear, since it's off, bro.
 No, it's just you!
No, it's you!
Damn, you know how to jump like a three-year-old.
It's 3 a.m., bro.
This nigga jump like a three-year-old.
Like, you just jump.
You're his ass, bro.
Like, dead ass.
No, it's not.
Come on!
You're fucking stupid.
Damn, it's like you, like, just spin, bro.
Bro, shut your dumb ass up, bro!
It's not hard to jump on a block.
Like, I'm confused.
Like, real...
 Gee, shit.
Like, I'm dead-ass confused.
Like, it's not that hard to jump.
I'm just saying, it's not that hard to jump on the block, bro.
Fidelities.
I wonder, I wonder, I wonder if this is the last map.
 So just shot a jump in the middle, okay, we got to keep it going okay, okay, I just three two one jump
 Man, dance with me!
Show it up!
Man, dance with me!
Three, two, one, jump.
Yeah, three.
I'm telling you, we shouldn't do it, but here we go.
Two, one, go.
 It's how I know my deal was this bro.
This is why I do I know he's an idiot.
You are the dumbest thing.
Edge, edge.
Three, two, one, jump.
Wait, so do you want to go when it goes forward?
 Bro, when it goes far back, like right now.
You get it?
Okay.
No, wait, wait.
Okay.
Right... Now.
You wait it out, then you jump.
Jump again.
 Let's just lock in, man.
Let's get back to it, bro.
You just gotta get back to it, come on.
Three, two, one, go.
Yo, yo, yo, Darren Walkens, are you ISO speed or are you ISO sped?
Do you want to win the game or not?
 Bro, you gotta stop doing this, bro!
Holy shit.
Oh my god, I'm about to turn super saiyan in this bitch.
Come on, my boy.
Train track, train track, let's go.
All right, where do we jump at?
Oh yeah, right here, go up.
Come on.
I got you, I got you, I got you.
I'm waiting, I'm waiting, I'm waiting.
Nah, you don't gotta pull me, you don't gotta pull me, you gotta pull me.
 Let's go right here.
Good, good, good.
Another helicopter.
Come on!
Take us up to 1,000 speed.
Take us up to 1,000, bro.
Is that it, really?
Yeah.
Cheap bastards.
Oh, bro.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Because our chain cannot get caught up in it.
It can't get caught up in it.
Purdue, we're f***ed, OK?
No, I'm driving.
I'm driving.
I'm driving.
No, no, I'm driving.
I'm driving bro.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
No, no, I'm driving bro.
You just sold.
You just fucking sold.
No, you just sold.
It's harder than what it seems.
You had three tries.
 Smiley face right now.
Yeah Smiley sad straight smiley sad straight
 Pay attention!
Door!
Door!
Door!
Door!
Perfect!
Jump!
Jump!
Go!
Door!
Door!
Door!
Perfect!
Jump!
Jump!
Go!
Hold on!
Under!
Under!
Good job!
Door!
Door!
Door!
Go!
Door!
Door!
Door!
Go!
Hold on!
Jump!
Jump!
Door!
There we go!
Under!
Above!
Above!
Above!
Above!
 Side, straight, and then something else.
Side, straight, and then, nah!
Come on.
Okay, sprint, sprint.
Three, two, one, jump.
We wouldn't even have any, yo, I'm so confident in you that I know you're gonna make this one.
That's how confident I am in you, bro.
That's how confident I am in you.
I wouldn't even need to drop, because I know you're gonna get this one.
That's how confident I am in you.
Once you get past this little swiggly, you get to them barrels and GGs.
 Come on!
You can do this!
 Yo, it feels so good.
I don't have nothing on my waistline, bro.
I don't got nothing on my waist either.
I don't have nothing on my waist.
Look at us.
You over there.
You over there.
You over there.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Look how far I am from you.
Yo.
Oh my god.
Wait for me.
Wait for me.
OK. Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Run.
Run.
Run away.
Run away.
Run.
Run.
Run.
 Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
 We had our ups, we had our downs.
We did, man.
But we made sure to hold our ground and never, what's the most important thing?
We never quit.
We never gave up.
Rule number one in any marathon, don't ever quit.
We threw so much shit, bro.
I love you, man, Kyle.
This was a journey, bro.
I love you, bro.
Shout out to everybody.
This was such a journey.
Bro, just continue, click continue.
Thanks for watching, bro.
Click continue on three, two, one.
Three, two, one.
 Oh, what's this?
What's this?
Wait, what?
Wait, what?
What the?
Chained together in two?
That's everybody that came in.
 So new roles are, you get a scientist, they can access a portable vitals panel anywhere, check on the status of the crew so you can see if he's alive or not alive.
And the shapeshifter is an imposter who can disguise himself as other crewmates.
That's funny, what?
 You can disguise as other people.
So the science is, firstly, when you pull up the vitals, I think it's a battery.
I need to be charged, yeah.
You have to do tasks to fill up the battery.
And also, shapeshift that.
I click more for shapeshift.
Oh, wow.
And I turn into Josh.
That's crazy.
Sounds like too much work for me.
That's sick.
All right.
I don't know what those things are.
I'm a crewmate anyway.
It doesn't matter.
Oh!
I'm something.
I can access vitals at any time.
OK. All right, come on.
Give me your pasta.
 Okay.
Ooh, I'm a shapeshifter, bro.
And we are back.
There is a shapeshifter among us.
It could be anyone.
Is this Lachlan?
Or is this someone who is pretending to be Lachlan?
We don't know.
Who do I wanna be?
Oh, JJ's gonna stab me, 100%.
I'm gonna die swiping a card.
I just feel it.
Okay, so KSI is my teammate.
That's worrying.
That's a bit troublesome.
 Where was the body found?
It was in lights.
Where's lights?
What do you mean?
Where's lights?
Holy shit.
Maybe you should google it.
I know where the lights are.
 I was looking at admin and as someone called it someone died in nav in nav.
Yeah, top right middle, right?
Wait, are you meaning?
Oh, dude, they die.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
It's Lachlan, I think.
How?
Why?
Because I saw Lachlan and Bez together, and then I've seen Bez dead.
Yeah, but I'm literally top right doing asteroids.
Oh, shit.
I was with you doing asteroids.
It's at cafeteria.
It's by the emergency stop button, or the emergency meeting button.
 But Harry, weren't you right next to me when I was doing Asteroids?
I saw you on my screen.
The lights went out.
Huh?
I was there with you.
Where?
Cafeteria.
I'm in lights right now.
I'm in lights.
Wait, wait, wait.
So maybe it's a shape-shifting Toby then.
I literally just finished Asteroids and it popped up.
 Oh, it's Lachlan then, guys.
I'm telling you, it's Lachlan.
It's gotta be.
Nah, but did you see anybody else in the cafeteria?
They all get in position there, though, because Simon came down from cafeteria to admin.
Yeah, I was in Simon with cafeteria dancing, and then Lachlan went out.
You were in Simon?
I said with Simon in cafeteria.
I was in Simon.
I don't twist my words!
Don't fucking twist my words!
Toby and Simon both came from cafeteria down.
Yeah, I went into admin.
Yeah, he went into admin, and I went down to fix Lachlan.
I'm on the asteroids.
 I think it's Lachlan.
You're all close enough to do it.
It's gotta be.
I vote for Josh.
I vote for Josh.
I'll bet Harry is saying Lachlan then.
I think it's Josh.
I might be wrong, but as far as I can deduce, it's him.
I'mma vote Lachlan.
I think it's Josh.
Wait, what did you say Simon?
I'mma vote Lachlan.
Sidon, come on.
In the first round, when Vik morphed, you were like, oh yeah, what did you see?
I was like, yeah, I saw Vik morph and you were like, oh, what?
 No, I saw two simons on my screen.
That's why that's why I was tripping.
I'm not gonna lie.
I'm just really bored of dental.
Yeah That's fair enough a slow killing.
I'm gonna go for locked in.
Yeah You are the fucking funniest worst imposter
 So slow.
Lucky, I finished my tasks and I was like, I know Lucky's the imposter.
He's just walking in circles doing nothing and no one's dead.
I'm walking around this group, so I'm like, what the fuck do I do?
Lucky, you never called sabotage, so I'm like, Vic, call a sabotage for me.
We ain't like this round ain't ended Yeah, oh yeah, oh my god, oh yeah, oh yeah do that.
No, we're gonna do that and then we just download and then we just wait Oh my god
 What's going on?
Oh no, I'm dead.
 Oh.
Oh, it's like Josh.
Interesting.
No one's dead.
This is bamboozled.
Just kill someone.
Where?
Fucking hell.
He's in cafeteria.
He's just walked past about eight people and not killed one.
Kill someone.
Just call sabotage or something, dude.
Like, call sabotage.
I'll get one for him.
I'll get a live one.
Locky looks kind of aimless.
Just kill someone, Lock.
Kill Toby.
No one's dead yet.
Still unbuffed.
 Kill Toby!
He thinks he's crew!
He thinks he's crew, man!
What the fuck's he doing?
I have to kill someone, but I don't know who, and I don't know when, and I don't know how.
I do have to kill somebody.
It's gotta be Loggy.
He's... No one's dead.
People...
He's lit...
I fucking knew it!
I literally knew it!
I was just curious!
Oh, oh, oh!
Dead body!
Somebody call a meter!
Who's pink?
 No!
 Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Okay.
All the games are over.
Yeah, it is.
I have finished all my tasks.
Just finished my tasks.
I just had to upload data in admin.
I got one more task to do.
Prime, prime.
It could have been prime or it could not have been prime.
Prime, did you run up to cafeteria, right?
Is that actual prime?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I did.
Okay, so that's actual prime, right?
Cool.
Yes.
All right, verified prime is in cafeteria.
I did my upload, then the door locked to cafeteria.
So I went, oh no, I run down and in storage was museum.
 but I don't know anything more than that.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Lucky, Lucky, you were like, you were like, it was Elliot.
And I was like, it absolutely fucking was not how I dare you.
Elliot, I started not believing you.
When the lights were off, when the lights were off, Lachlan reported himself killing someone.
Me and Vik were laughing so much, bro.
Lachlan, you didn't see who it was, but they were disguised as you.
 First round I became Locky, I ran past Tobi, thought I had the perfect frame jump, killed, stood over the body and then Locky walks up.
I can't see shit because the lights are out.
If the lights were on you would have seen yourself killing someone and you would have reported it and been like, I saw myself kill.
That shapeshift is fucking mad.
That role is OP.
 Crewmate, yay.
I'm scientist again.
All right, let me, let me, okay.
And we are in, oh my goodness, now I'm the shapeshifter.
Oh my goodness.
Damn it, I want the shapeshifter.
Okay, Vik, you better play that.
You better play that, dog.
Oh my goodness.
So what, is it a two-part thing?
It's, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Wow.
 Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god
 Simon, did you see that?
It was Vic, right?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush
 Me?
Who went past you?
I was in shields.
Nah, Josh, you and me were around the table at the start because I was just waiting to call it.
Josh, nah, I can't do this, Josh, can't do this.
Oh, fuck off.
Trust.
Lachlan, I'm sorry, bro.
Nah, come on, JJ, tell me you're actually imposter.
If you're imposter, I allow it.
Sorry, quickly, quickly.
Elliot, Elliot, did you vote for Lachy?
 yes yes he did jj i voted for lucky and we win vote for lucky and we win so it's lannan and jj it's lannan jj every single fucking kill every single kill i was music
 There's no way.
Let's go.
Oh my God.
Oh my goodness.
That's actually crazy.
In the dead chat just then.
I just went, who was it?
And Vik goes, Elliot.
And I go, oh my God, I vouched for him this whole time.
The whole time I've been sat here screaming and going, I'm an idiot.
I'm an idiot.
Get rid of that shape shifter shit bro, that's fucked.
 That's it.
You know what?
This crew deserves to get murdered.
I think we did good there.
This crew deserves to get murdered.
I don't even want to be on this ship anyway.
Nice work, guys.
Nice work.
How dare someone beat me?
I'm fuming.
 Do I just let Vikkstar do all the work just so he gets all the shape-shifting clips, you know?
Alright, I'm gonna be... Ethan and kill in front of JJ because it'll be funny.
I'm just doing what's funny now.
Right, let's go and find JJ and let's kill in front of him.
Go on then.
Let's do some lights.
Electrical.
 Oh, piss off.
Let me in.
Oh no.
You know what?
Screw it, I killed Toby.
Go on, do it.
Kill me.
Do it.
Do it, bro.
Do it.
Do it.
I want you to do it.
JJ's dead.
I want you to kill me.
Wait, and this is not Bez.
Oh, there's two Bezes.
There's two Bezes.
It's not Bez.
It's not, but the fake one's coming and the fake one just bang.
 Oh my God, I literally just saw two Ethan's and I was like... Can we remember when we started this session and Ethan was like, you guys are not gonna third Impostor.
Meanwhile, last meeting, it's fucking JJ, it's Muzok, now it's Vik, I'm 100% sure.
That's all Ben Everton does, bro, he's always done it.
You can't help it, I don't know why.
 I don't know why.
Like that game I was like, oh no, I'll let Viktor do all the work.
I didn't do much bro, I didn't do much.
I just walked past Harry as him.
I kept saying that, but every time I had the chance to kill someone, I just fucking stabbed them.
I was like, oh, I'll let Viktor.
This game bro, this game.
 This is the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra.
This is the iPhone 15 Pro Max.
These phone cameras are about to go to battle, and so am I.
Last year, we tested the iPhone 15 Pro Max against the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra, and the iPhone won with 6.5 points to 3.5.
So let's see if Samsung's AI-powered 2024 flagship can claim redemption.
Oh, and the loser of this video gets shot by an actual tank.
So, I want to start with slow-mo.
 when you see the happy look on my face.
This is the look of a man who has been asking, nay, begging companies to show some love to the feature for about five years.
And finally, finally, the S24 Ultra brings it.
The phone's capable of shooting 4K footage at 120 frames per second.
And I can confirm this is true 4K slow-mo with no strings attached.
 Will you notice the difference versus the iPhone when watching back on your phone screen?
Probably not.
But can you tell when you blow it up onto a TV?
Absolutely.
Plus combine that with the fact that any video on the Samsung can now be instantly slowed down even further on the spot by just holding down on it.
And I think we can safely say that Samsung has once again become the slow.
 King.
Now, because slow-mo itself is probably not important enough to be its own category, we bundle it together into the overall category called special modes, which also includes portrait mode video, as well as ultra close-up macro shots.
But since both of those features are very comparable between the two phones, like this right here is portrait mode video, and this is what both phones' macro shots look like, the iPhone can get closer, which is really useful, but Samsung's processing makes their shots look crispier.
I think it's time to hand the overall category of special modes to Samsung.
 Selfie-wise, well, I mean, Samsung's last phone beat the iPhone, so its successor naturally wins too.
The way I see it is the iPhone is a very consistent 8 out of 10 for selfies.
Never exceptional, but always good.
The Samsung, though, swings between a 9 most of the time, with Samsung's best being definitely better than the iPhone's best, and then the occasional 6, where it seems to either not quite capture in time, leading to slightly softer than expected face details,
Oh, at least not yet.
Samsung saying that these AI features will only be free till the end of 2025, which
 I mean, it makes sense, they do create a significant load on Samsung's servers, but that's all the more reason that we should be demanding AI features that run offline, on your phone, and don't require them.
But even with that caveat, I have to say, Samsung's editing suite is way ahead of Apple's, and the pressure's really on for the iPhone to start integrating AI in a more explicit way very soon.
 Right, I think it's time we address the zoom situation.
Ever since Samsung decided to go all in on this whole space zoom thing with the S20 Ultra, regardless of how important or unimportant you think zoom is, one thing you can say is they have consistently dominated the category.
But within the span of just a few years, the iPhones have kind of under the radar gone from pretty bad to very good at zoom too.
Partly because the zoom lens magnifications have gone up from 2x to 3x to now 5x on the iPhone 15 Pro Max.
 Partly because of new image processing techniques like Photonic Engine, which can sharpen up photos taken beyond that 5x number.
And partly because the iPhone takes particularly clear, noise-free, zoomed-in video.
All leading Apple to, for the first time, taking home the draw in last year's comparison.
Now, the reason for the entire backstory is so that you can also see how strange it is that, while all of that is happening, this time round, Samsung has decided to scale back their zoom.
 The previous 10x zoom lens and 3x zoom lens combo has been swapped out for a 5x and a 3x.
And it brings me no joy to say this, but as much as Samsung wants you to believe that this 5x lens is just as good because it's a higher resolution camera compared to the previous 10x, your ability to zoom in far
 is actually slightly worse.
Let me show you.
So this is a side-by-side of the S24 Ultra versus last year's S23 Ultra.
And you'll see that as we start to zoom in beyond the phone's optical ranges, it looks okay.
The AI processing on the new phone is more sophisticated than it was.
So your photos don't look ultra grainy like you might expect them to.
Or to put it another way, a lot of the camera's capability now comes after the shot has been captured.
So who does that side of the experience better?
Well, in the iPhone's corner, the editor is,
 Fairly simple.
It definitely leaves you wanting more.
Like, I really wish there was the ability to make a video that you've taken two times or three times speed.
I've needed that quite a bit.
But credit where credit's due, everything that is here is so fast.
You're never waiting for any action.
There's no loading bars.
Making photo and video edits happens literally as smoothly as changing your volume.
And you want to crop something?
You don't even need to be in the editor.
You just zoom in while browsing and click the crop button.
 But then, in Samsung's corner, you absolutely have more options.
Like, you just swipe up on a shot now, and thanks to the new Pro Visual Engine that understands photos better, you have a bunch of suggested edits, like background effect, which is actually pretty cool.
You can add the portrait mode background blur, but also change the style of an existing portrait mode shot to make it look like you're having a particularly action-packed kind of day.
I love this feature.
There's a lot of options now.
 There's remaster, which is usually a general brightening and sharpening of a photo.
More often than not, it does make a positive difference, but it's more for older shots taken on much worse cameras than this.
It doesn't really do much to already good photos.
Oh, but also the ability to erase reflections, which if you, like me, find yourself on a London balcony with the most incredible view but a massive glass sheet in front of you, can be a very powerful effect.
 And I love that these features are mostly just a tap away.
It takes away that whole, uh, can I really be bothered to fully jump into an editor for this one specific photo?
The phone takes away that load from you.
And I haven't even talked about the biggest change to Samsung's editing, which is the new generative AI image editor, which is...
 Pretty good.
If you're like I used to be and your current default for repairing photos is like the healing brush, then this very much will be a revolutionary step up in being able to move subjects to extend your image and erase things you didn't want to be there.
It does need an internet connection and it's not super fast, but the upside is that it's kind of like those really powerful AI websites without needing a monthly subscription like most of them ask you for.
 The ability to take 3x zoom portrait mode shots, as well as 5x zoom portrait mode shots, is an absolute godsend.
When Apple announced that the iPhone 15 Pro Max would have a 5x zoom lens instead of the 3x that the 14 Pro Max had, there was a very split reaction.
50% of people loved the fact that you now had a higher magnification, 50% of people relented it for being too much zoom.
See, because your zoom lens is also generally the best lens to take portraits,
 Now that the phone only has a five times, that's so much zoom that, you know, when you're sitting opposite the table from someone and you want to take a portrait of them, you are going to have to stand up and step back to fit them in.
But with the Samsung now, you don't have to compromise.
You get both options at full optical quality.
And that takes it from what was already a beastly camera for portraits with excellent edge detection, flattering image processing, and one of the most natural DSLR style background blur effects to elite here.
 If I had to call something this phone's specialty, I'd probably say it's this.
And while the iPhone can shoot portrait mode shots in 24 megapixel compared to Samsung's 12, it can only do that when shooting portrait modes at 1x magnification, which I actually tend not to do much of because 1x isn't as pretty.
 All right, let's do some audio testing.
So right now you're hearing the microphones on the Samsung, which do sound very good indeed, as they do on the iPhone.
I mean, not every company pays attention to the microphone quality of their phones.
These two do.
You can't really go wrong either way.
What's actually kind of crazy is that both microphones are so sensitive that you can even whisper.
And as long as you're in a quiet environment, you can still pick up the sound clearly.
Phones are crazy nowadays.
 Where they start to diverge though is when you get significant background noise.
You know, like the sound of an active tank in the background.
Samsung doesn't actually make it sound so bad, it's just that the quality of my voice is cut into as the phone aggressively tries to remove that background noise.
Whereas with the iPhone, you hear my voice pretty clearly, but you also hear the tank pretty clearly.
So much so that when you're using night mode, it's in most situations as if you basically got the exact same photo, but just processed it two different ways.
Samsung with a cooler tone and lots of sharpening applied, Apple with a warmer tone and much less sharpening.
And one is not
 really worse than the other.
I mean Samsung absolutely slays the iPhone at moon photos if that's your cup of tea.
The iPhone has no idea what to do or which camera to use but I also don't want to overweight that because it's not a regular thing you're going to be doing.
And then the iPhone is slightly better at night portraits.
 Just in the sense that it manages to make them feel like normal photos, whereas the Samsung really makes it look like it's using a special mode and filter.
And also something that we've been seeing in other parts of the comparison too, but that's particularly noticeable at night, the iPhone is better able to deal with color.
Like this shot of me on the bench, we took it like 15 different times as the bench cycled through every single color and each time, the iPhone just got it.
The exposure was better controlled and the colors much more realistic to what we were seeing.
So,
 What does that leave us with?
Well, 6.5 to Samsung, 4.5 to the iPhone.
Samsung has clawed back a lot this generation.
Less in terms of the actual output getting significantly better, although there are improvements there too, the biggest thing is the experience of taking photos, the much smoother camera app, the much faster shutter speed, the highly advanced new editing tools.
And so, even though this doesn't mean that Samsung wins at everything, because the iPhone does win some important categories, well,
 I can't believe we're actually doing this, but a promise is a promise.
On you go.
Oh, and if you're enjoying this video, then a sub to the channel would be wonderful.
Right.
This tank is about to fire a 100 mile an hour, highly explosive paint grenade.
Trust me, you would not want to get hit by one of these.
And now, we just shoot.
Three, two, one.
Did we kill it?
Did we kill it?
Did we?
No, we didn't.
 The phone is completely alive and unmarked.
All's in your court for next time, Apple.
 Last week, I spent 5 hours and $49 to complete Google's latest AI Essentials course for beginners.
And since I need to recoup that money to fund my addiction to parasocial relationships with AI, I made this video to share 5 key takeaways from the course, the pros and cons, and to give you a definitive answer as to whether this certificate you receive at the end will indeed get you laid.
I mean paid.
Paid more because you now have a new skill.
 That was a weird slip of tongue there.
Takeaway number one.
Broadly speaking, there are three types of AI tools out there.
First, standalone tools are AI-powered software designed to work independently with minimal setup.
This category includes general-purpose chatbots like ChachiBT, Gemini, Cloud, and Perplexity, as well as specialized apps like Spico, OtterAI, Midjourney, and Gamma.
 Although they serve completely different needs, all these tools are classified as standalone because they can be accessed directly through their websites or apps and can be used without integration with other software.
This is in contrast to the second category, tools with integrated AI features, which refers to built-in enhancements within a particular piece of software.
 For example, after drafting a post in Google Docs, I can either copy and paste this text over to a standalone app like ChatGBT to improve my writing, or I can use the built-in or integrated Gemini for Workspace AI feature to make adjustments.
Another example would be I can either use MidJourney as a standalone tool to generate images for a presentation,
 or I can create an image directly within Google Slides by using Gemini for Workspace.
In these instances, ChatGPT and MidJourney are standalone AI tools, and Google Docs and Google Slides are tools with integrated AI features.
 Third, a custom AI solution is an application that's tailor-made to solve a specific problem.
A relatable real world example would be writing a cover letter.
Option one.
 You share a current resume and the job description with the chatbot and just prompt it to write you a cover letter.
Option 2 with chain of thought prompting.
You break the large task, writing an entire cover letter, into manageable steps.
With step 1 being, based on my resume and the job description, write an attention-grabbing hook for my cover letter.
 Then after making some minor tweaks to the hook paragraph, step two would be pasting that back into the chatbot and asking it for the body paragraph.
Rinse and repeat for the closing paragraph.
If you want proof that this works, I have an entire video where I show job seekers how to use chain of thought prompting to not only write cover letters, but to also improve their resumes.
I'll leave a link down below.
 Takeaway number five is a topic that many of us, including myself, tend to overlook when using AI tools, and it's to understand the limitations of AI.
Broadly speaking, there are three main limitations.
First, the underlying data that is used to train AI models may be biased.
If a text-to-image model is only trained on minimalistic graphics, it might not be able to produce flashy and bold designs.
Second, there simply wasn't enough information in the source training data on a given topic.
 Many AI models have a cutoff date.
So if we ask for something that happened recently, it won't have enough data on that topic to give you an accurate answer.
Finally, hallucinations are AI outputs that are straight up factually inaccurate.
Sometimes this is a feature and not a bug.
When you're brainstorming new ideas, for example.
 Other times, hallucinations perpetuate false information, so you definitely want to double-check your answer for what I call high-stake tasks.
For example, what sort of supplement or vitamins to take, given your health goals.
When it comes to pros and cons, I'm going to start with who this course is not for.
Another example might be you're preparing to negotiate a raise with your boss.
You know in your head that last year you received a 10% increase.
 This year, you're the highest performer on the team, and the industry average is a 12% increase, so you decide to ask for a 15% raise.
If you leave out all that implied context when brainstorming negotiation techniques with an AI tool, you will receive a lower quality aka more generic
 output.
If you want to dive deeper into this, I have an entire video on how to write the perfect prompt, so I'll leave a link to that down below.
And if you want to make a copy of my five favorite prompts for productivity, I'll leave a link to my completely free workspace toolkit as well.
Takeaway number three, know when to use zero shot and few shot prompting.
In a nutshell, the word shot simply means examples.
Zero shot means you use a prompt with no examples.
One shot means you include one example.
 View shot means you include two or more examples.
For instance, a zero-shot example might look something like, write me a pickup line for Bumble, which is a completely hypothetical scenario I would never condone, much less participate in.
A one-shot prompt would be, write me a pickup line for Bumble, reference this pickup line my friend used that worked well for him, and you include an example of what your friend wrote.
 A few shot prompt would look the same as one shot with just two or more examples of successful pickup lines.
And as you can imagine, the more relevant examples you provide the AI tool, the more relevant the output.
And for the record, if my future wife is watching this, I've obviously never done this myself.
This is just an example for this video.
As a matter of fact, I don't even use dating apps.
 Takeaway number four, use chain of thought prompting for complex tasks.
I've talked about this concept in previous videos, but I really like this simple and straightforward definition from Google's course.
This custom AI solution improved diagnostic accuracy from 2-5% to an average of 40%.
And if you're like me and have no technical background, you might think, oh, custom AI solutions are extremely technical and I'll probably never have to use them in the workplace.
 In reality, the opposite is true because well-designed custom AI solutions should require little to no technical know-how.
For example, when I was in the sales team, I managed over 200 clients every quarter and performing research on every single one was obviously time-consuming.
Nowadays, there are custom AI solutions that can ingest all the information about those 200 clients
 take into account factors like seasonality, historical data, and industry trends, and rank those clients by how likely they are to need assistance, helping the salesperson prioritize their time.
By the way, if you're thinking of buying Google's AI Essentials course, don't.
Because I only found out after I paid for it, you get the AI Essentials course for free if you enroll in the Google Project Management Certification on Coursera, who is kindly sponsoring this portion of the video.
 Regular viewers know that I have a full-time job and project management obviously plays a large part in my day-to-day.
To be transparent though, I'm mainly self-taught since there wasn't a go-to course back in the day.
But I recently started the project management certification on Coursera since it's now like the golden standard for project management.
 Project Management is literally applicable to all industries and roles.
So if you want to be more organized in the workplace, click the link below to enroll in the Google Project Management certification and unlock the AI Essentials course for free.
Thank you, Coursera, for sponsoring this part of the video.
Back to my takeaways.
 The second learning from the course is a prompt engineering tip, and it's to surface the implied context.
To illustrate this, imagine your vegetarian friend asks you for restaurant recommendations.
You instinctively reply with vegetarian-friendly options, even if your friend doesn't explicitly say, hey idiot, make sure it's vegetarian.
 Here, the fact that your friend is a vegetarian is implied context and needs to be explicitly stated when communicating with AI tools like ChatGPT and Google Gemini.
For instance, in one of the lessons, they gave an example where a company uses AI to decrease customer service response times.
 And that was it.
That was the entire example.
It would have been nice to dive a bit deeper and talk about whether this company used a standalone AI tool or a custom AI solution, how they trained the workers to use the AI system, how they grounded the data so that the AI system didn't hallucinate since this was a customer service
 application, right?
So stuff like that.
That being said, this is an excellent beginner level course with three huge advantages.
First, you're learning from Google employees who are established experts in the field of AI.
They know what they're talking about, and they're not just some random person on the internet who enjoys making crass jokes.
 Second, as a visual learner, I'm amazed at how they're able to use simple graphics to explain complex topics.
For example, they analogize AI tools and AI models to a car and its engine.
The model slash engine provides the underlying capabilities, while the tool, like the car, helps you in completing the task.
 Third, the interactive elements are surprisingly helpful.
The activities or homework are well designed in that they actually help you learn a key concept from that lesson.
The graded assignments are also not that easy.
They're mainly multiple choice, but you actually have to pay attention to get 80% and pass the quiz.
Last but not least, the course provides a curated list of AI tools for beginners to explore and includes a glossary of common AI terms that are now prevalent in our daily lives.
 To sum up, this course is great for beginners, visual learners, and you can use the legit certificate you get at the end to attract prospective employers and or partners.
If you found this video helpful, you might want to check out my summary of Google's free AI course.
That's a bit more conceptual, but equally important.
In the meantime, though, as usual, have a great one.
 This is like a crazy amount of power for one piece of technology.
And this happened to us so fast.
You just launched GPT-5.
A kid born today will never be smarter than AI.
How do we figure out what's real and what's not real?
We haven't put a sexbot avatar in GPT yet.
Superintelligence.
What does that actually mean?
This thing is remarkable.
 I'm about to interview Sam Altman, the CEO of OpenAI.
OpenAI.
OpenAI.
Reshaping industries.
Dude's a straight up tech lord, let's be honest.
Right now, they're trying to build a super intelligence that could far exceed humans in almost every field.
And they just released their most powerful model yet.
 Just a couple years ago, that would have sounded like science fiction.
Not anymore.
In fact, they're not alone.
We're in the middle of the highest stakes global race any of us have ever seen.
Hundreds of billions of dollars and an unbelievable amount of human work.
This is a profound moment.
 Most people never live through a technological shift like this, and it's happening all around you and me right now.
So in this episode, I want to try to time travel with Sam Altman into the future that he's trying to build to see what it looks like so that you and I can really understand what's coming.
Welcome to Huge Conversations.
 Great to meet you.
Thanks for doing that.
Absolutely.
So before we dive in, I'd love to tell you my goal here.
Okay.
I'm not going to ask you about valuation or AI talent wars or fundraising or anything like that.
I think that's all very well covered elsewhere.
It does seem like it.
Our big goal on this show is to cover how we can use science and tech to make the future better.
And the reason that we do all of that is because we really believe that if people see those better futures, they can then help build them.
So my goal here
And it was really interesting.
I'm hearing some similar themes of like,
 man, I hope that the next person takes the baton and runs with it well.
Yeah.
But that's been working for a long time.
Not all good, but mostly good.
I think there's a big difference between winning the race and building the AI future that would be best for the most people.
And I can imagine that it is easier, maybe more quantifiable sometimes, to focus on the next way to win the race.
 And I'm curious, when those two things are at odds, what is an example of a decision that you've had to make that is best for the world but not best for winning?
 I think there are a lot.
So one of the things that we are most proud of is many people say that ChachiBT is their favorite piece of technology ever, and that it's the one that they trust the most, rely on the most, whatever.
And this is a little bit of a ridiculous statement, because AI is the thing that hallucinates.
AI has all of these problems, right?
But we have screwed some things up along the way, sometimes big time.
But on the whole, I think as a user of ChachiBT, you get the feeling that it's trying to help you.
 help you accomplish whatever you ask.
It's very aligned with you.
It's not trying to get you to use it all day.
It's not trying to get you to buy something.
It's trying to kind of help you accomplish whatever your goals are.
And that is, that's a very special relationship we have with our users.
We do not take it lightly.
There's a lot of things we could do that would grow faster, that would get more time in chat GPT that we don't do because we know that our long-term incentive
 is to stay as aligned with our users as possible.
 One of the things that I find myself thinking about in this conversation is we often ascribe almost full responsibility of the AI future that we've been talking about to the companies building AI.
But we're the ones using it.
We're the ones electing people that will regulate it.
And so I'm curious, this is not a question about specific federal regulation or anything like that, although if you have an answer there, I'm curious, but what would you ask of the rest of us?
 What is the shared responsibility here, and how can we act in a way that would help make the optimistic version of this more possible?
My favorite historical example for the AI revolution is the transistor.
It was this amazing piece of science that some brilliant scientists discovered.
It scaled incredibly, like AI does, and it made its way relatively quickly into many things that we use.
 your computer, your phone, that camera, that light, whatever.
And it was a real unlock for the tech tree of humanity.
And there were a period in time where probably everybody was really obsessed with the transistor companies, the semiconductors of Silicon Valley back when it was Silicon Valley.
But now you can maybe name a couple of companies that are transistor companies, but mostly you don't think about it.
Mostly it's just seeped everywhere.
And Silicon Valley is like,
 probably someone graduating from college barely remembers why it was called that in the first place.
And you don't think that it was those transistor companies that shaped society, even though they did something important.
You think about what Apple did with the iPhone, and then you think about what TikTok built on top of the iPhone, and you're like, all right, here's this long chain of all these people that nudged society in some way, and what our governments did or didn't do, and what the people using these technologies did.
And I think that's what will happen with AI.
 Okay, maybe that photo was like literally taken, but you know, there's like tons of tourists in line for the same photo and that's like left out of it.
And I think we just accept that.
Now, certainly a higher percentage of media, both will feel not real, but I think that's been the long-term trend anyway.
We're going to jump again.
Okay.
2035, we're graduating from college, you and me.
There are some leaders in the AI space that have said that in five years, half of the entry-level white-collar workforce will be replaced by AI.
 So we're college graduates in five years.
What do you hope the world looks like for us?
I think there's been a lot of talk about how AI might cause job displacement, but I'm also curious, I have a job that nobody would have thought we could have, you know, a decade ago.
What are the things that we could look ahead if we're thinking about being college graduates?
I mean, in 2035, that graduating college student, if they still go to college at all, could very well be like,
 leaving on a mission to explore the solar system on a spaceship and some kind of completely new, exciting, super well-paid, super interesting job and feeling so bad for you and I that like we had to do this kind of like really boring old kind of work and everything is just better.
Like I, I, 10 years feels very hard to imagine at this point.
 Because it's too far.
It's too far.
If you compound the current rate of change for 10 more years, it's probably...
I might need to change my time travel trips.
I mean, I think now would be really hard to imagine 10 years ago.
Yeah.
But I think 10 years forward will be even much harder, much more different.
 So let's make it five years.
We're still going to 2030.
I'm curious what you think the pretty short term impacts of this will be for young people.
I mean, these like half of entry level jobs replaced by AI makes it sound like a very different world that they would be entering than the one that I did.
 I'm always interested in the like, without knowing anything about the book, I'm always interested in the like, of all of the things you could spend your time and energy on.
Why did you pick this one?
How did you get started?
Like, what did you see about this when before everybody else, like most people doing something interesting sort of saw it earlier before it was consensus.
Yeah.
Like, how did how did you get here?
And why this?
How would you answer that question?
 I was an AI nerd my whole life.
I came to college to study AI.
I worked in the AI lab.
I watched sci-fi shows growing up, and I always thought it would be really cool if someday somebody built it.
I thought it would be the most important thing ever.
I never thought I was gonna be one to actually work on it.
And I feel unbelievably lucky and happy and privileged that I get to do this.
I feel like I've come a long way from my childhood.
 But there was never a question in my mind that this would not be the most exciting, interesting thing.
I just didn't think it was going to be possible.
And when I went to college, it really seemed like we were very far from it.
And then in 2012, the AlexNet paper came out, done, you know, in partnership with my co-founder, Ilya.
 For the first time, it seemed to me like there was an approach that might work.
And then I kept watching for the next couple of years as scaled up, scaled up, got better, better.
And I remember having this thing of like, why is the world not paying attention to this?
It seems like obvious to me that this might work.
Still a low chance, but it might work.
And if it does work, it's just the most important thing.
So like, this is what I wanna do.
And then like, unbelievably, it started to work.
 Thank you so much for your time.
Thank you very much.
 What's up guys, I'm KBHD here and just got back from sunny California where we spent some time with possibly the busiest man alive, Elon Musk.
But he was super generous with his time and we did this sort of a sit down chat at the Tesla factory and then also did a sort of a factory tour, which will be a separate video coming soon.
 ton of things we could have talked about since we were at Tesla at that time.
Basically our topics ranged from talking about Tesla products, to our love for Tesla, to tech and the future all wrapped into one.
So this is that chat.
Thanks for watching.
Enjoy.
 First of all, thanks for taking the time.
Sitting down, I'm on your very busy schedule, I'm sure.
Good to see you.
Yeah, good to see you too.
Welcome.
This is a really interesting place to be.
We're kind of in like a bird's eye view of seeing a couple different things happening behind us in the factory.
These occasionally move, which is cool.
Those are empty door carriers.
So they would have carried the doors to cars to get assembled, and then they're on their way back to pick up some more doors.
Nice.
So I think most people know you as the boss, the face of Tesla, the decision maker.
 For those who, just for some context, what is your, how do you spend time at Tesla?
What do you do?
Yeah, that's a good question.
I think probably a lot of people don't realize I'm like basically just in the factory in design or engineering meetings or production.
So that's like,
 80-90% of the time.
I think sometimes people think I spend a lot of time on Twitter.
Sure.
I don't know why they would think that.
That's crazy.
But actually, that's like almost nothing.
Most of my time is spent, at least the last several months especially, going around the factory and then working on, say, the paint shop.
 I'm probably, like, dating myself here, but, like, the original Wall Street, where the guy's, like, walking down the beach and he's got, like, the giant phone.
He's carrying, like, a briefcase kind of thing.
They're massive, yeah.
Like, massive, massive phone.
Yeah.
And, like, all it could do was phone.
Yep.
Yep.
And, like, had, like, 30 minutes of battery life and that kind of thing.
 Now, at that time, in the absence of technology improvements, like no amount of money, no amount of scale could have made that phone affordable.
That'd be a lot of engineering iterations, a lot of design iterations, and we're probably, I don't know,
 30th version of a cell phone.
And with each successive design iteration, you can add more capability, you can design, you can integrate more things, you figure out better ways to produce it.
So it actually gets better and cheaper.
But it's like a natural progression of any new technology that it takes multiple versions and a large volume in order to make it affordable.
Gotcha.
Is there anything in the near future of Tesla that you're really excited about?
 Yeah, there's a lot of things actually.
We've got definitely way more product ideas than we have resources to execute.
We were just talking about this with my team, just like, hey guys, what should we focus on?
Now in the past, we've only done one car at a time.
 you know, as we go into the future, we got to like basically figure out how to walk and chew gum.
It's like, okay, how do we do two products at the same time, but still have enough resources that both products are great.
And so we're going to, you know, we're going to try to do
 you know, two products.
One of them for sure is like the Model Y, you know, sort of compact SUV, comparable price point to the Model 3.
Then there's the Semi, the Pickup Truck, and the Next Gen Roadster.
Like, a Next Gen Roadster's kind of like dessert.
We gotta talk about that.
Yeah, yeah.
It's super exciting, but it's like, and I think there's definitely some value to doing it to show that an electric car can be faster than a gasoline car in every way.
Yes.
So I think there's like,
 You know, cause it's still this sort of like halo effect of the gas needs sports cars.
Cause like in terms of top speed, they're still have the best top speed.
Yeah.
So that halo effect that I was going to, basically every metric possible, it seems like really ambitious.
Like there's a lot of things that people, people like me kind of accept that.
Like I love my electric car, but I know it's not going to put down lap times 30 laps in just because there's restrictions.
Exactly.
We've got to work on that.
Yeah.
I was actually, um,
 I was just talking to the team, I was like, you know, I think we got some headroom there.
Yeah.
Oh, are we going to talk about track mode?
 Yeah, sure.
Yeah, because I had a very short experience with Track Mode with Model 3.
Yeah.
So I love, so obviously Roadster is going to be, yeah, that halo car.
And if we're confident it's going to be an amazing car, I hope it's that car to beat, essentially.
Yeah.
But then bringing Track Mode down to Model 3 brings that fun experience to a lot more people, that higher volume.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
So it's kind of like,
 You know, we're like basically a bunch of nerds here.
So obviously, I don't want to give it away.
So with Track Mode, we want to open up a lot of settings.
So you can adjust settings.
It's kind of like an expert user mode.
And you can sort of adjust traction control, adjust battery temperature.
 You know break like you can basically configure a bunch of things and we'll tell you like hey.
You know if you do this.
It's very risky like you're going to wear out your brakes a little sooner.
It's like you might blow a circuit.
You know like like.
 But it'll be clear.
This is the risk that you're taking.
It's kind of like if you have a graphics card on your computer, you can go in there and you can change the settings and you can overclock things.
So all that will be in track mode and you'll be able to see that and mess with it.
That's cool.
Yeah, it'll be cool.
And you can try different things.
 Yeah, it'll be fun.
A little more on Roadster, because I made a video about it just after the event.
I was sad I couldn't be there, but I'm a day one deposit, because I was that excited.
OK.
But I was wondering, after you made that announcement, one, you said, I think I quote, plenty of space.
What does that mean?
Oh, you mean like, it won't be cramped inside.
 If you're a tall dude, you'll be able to sit in there.
How tall are you?
6'4 and a half.
Okay, so I feel like if you're comfortable in there, a lot of people will be.
Yeah, and then like my brother's 6'4.
And is he comfortable in there?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
And Franz is like 6'3, I don't know, he's pretty tall.
And then my other question was the side mirrors.
 This has been a theme in the past with prototypes and cars that we've seen before they come out.
They don't have mirrors.
Regulatory, they have to have mirrors.
Is there an advantage to not having mirrors or is it just aerodynamic or is there more to it?
It's actually surprisingly...
 mirrors, particularly at high speeds, can have quite a big effect on the drag of a car.
They're like little air brakes, basically.
Typical car side mirrors reduce highway range by around 5%.
Wow.
Yeah, it's pretty intense.
You can see in a wind tunnel, when you select those smoke trails in the wind tunnel, you can see just how much
 Yeah, they're just like air brakes.
To be aerodynamic, you actually want kind of like a teardrop shape.
So it's like it doesn't end in like a bluff, because it creates a low pressure zone behind the mirror.
And so you'd have to have kind of almost like a cone behind the mirror, or blend it with the body or something like that.
So it's like they're actually surprisingly draggy.
Now, a manufacturer is required to have side view mirrors, but I believe that a
 The owner is not.
And then as far as Tesla's overall master plan is what it was originally called.
So you start with the low volume, high price Roadster.
Then you move on Model S, higher volume, lower price, to Model 3.
As far as I know, that's where the master plan ended.
 Yeah, that was like part one.
We had Model X in there, which was definitely an exercise in hubris.
Now, the X is an amazing car, but we kind of got carried away with the art.
I hear it's very difficult to make.
 Yeah, we got carried away with the art and technology.
Obviously, you want great art, you want great technology, but we did get a little distracted from our mission, which is to advance the cause of electric vehicles, and it probably delayed us a little bit with the Model 3 as well.
So I guess my last question here would be, just as far as the Tesla Master Plan,
 part one coming to an end, is it now just a matter of steering the ship towards new opportunities?
You see, there's not a lot of companies making a $35,000 electric car and a quarter million dollar super car and a semi truck and doing them all really well.
Do you guys see yourself just keeping a tight ship and picking your choices here and there?
Yeah, that's why, what I was saying earlier, it's a tough strategic call.
 between focus and wanting to do a bunch of different models.
I think we want to try doing two at the same time.
We've only ever done one at the same time before.
Do two, and then if we're good with that, then we could just try doing three at a time.
A lot of the other manufacturers, they'll do
 like 12 at a time.
So they're way bigger than us.
Awesome.
I wish you the best of luck with it.
And thanks for taking the time to sit down.
Yeah, thanks.
Thank you.
All right, cool.
Appreciate it.
 Satya Nadella, thank you so much for doing this.
I want to be very, very respectful of your time.
The first question is, the internet is abuzz with conversation of, Satya Nadella said that SaaS is dead.
Now, I know, you know, that's not exactly what you said and the internet has lost nuance over time.
But I'd love for you to tell me how that shift happens from SaaS all the way to agents.
Yeah, I mean, to me,
 Whenever there's been a real platform shift, the core application architectures have changed, right?
I mean, if you look back, let's go all the way back to when the relational database was born, right?
That is the first time we really said, oh, wow, I can separate out my data tier from my application, right?
Before that, we were building these essentially ISAM databases right into the app.
And then we said, no, no, no, let's have relational algebra.
I have SQL.
I have data.
And then I can build my business logic on top of it.
 Then, of course, other platforms came, like the web and what have you.
And then we said, oh, what's an N-tier way to write applications?
How should I restructure my business logic?
I think that something of that scale, if not more, is going to happen, again, with the application logic, right?
And this time around, the thing about agents is they are not going to be bound to essentially any one SaaS application and its data, right?
So I'll have an agentic.
 sort of view where the task, the intent, and I will go operate and orchestrate all the logic across multiple SAS applications, right?
I'll go call a bunch of APIs through tools use.
So I'll call a bunch of APIs.
In fact, I'll post-train my model to know about multiple SAS applications.
 in the agent tier.
And so that's what's going to happen.
So I think what will happen is these CRUD, I mean, SAS applications are a CRUD database with a lot of business logic.
Everybody talks about the CRM database, but nobody uses it because when was the last time I logged into CRM?
Never.
Except now, I'm everyday querying my CRM database because it's so much easier because it's one agent away and it's working with all the other agents.
So that is what's going to be the change.
 And when you're hiring people, I think, in the future, you'll now hire people plus, you know, their workflows.
That's exactly right.
And in fact, that's the way to think about it.
It's a swarm of agents.
I mean, in a prosaic level, I kind of look at it and say, it's not like when you hire a data analyst, you hire them and their spreadsheets.
Yeah, that's kind of what it is, right?
So, it's like agents are going to...
I think two years from now, we're going to say, yeah, agents.
Yeah, I build them like all day.
Like, I build docs and spreadsheets.
And I think that's kind of... And I come with a basket of them.
 There you go.
I have a basket of my agents.
And I already see that.
Every SharePoint, I have a leadership meeting, a leadership team in which there's all these documents.
The best grounding data is all in there.
So I just have a simple agent now, which is a SharePoint agent that I'm always addressing.
And it's fantastic not to just have to go to a separate entity and query it, but to have it right there.
 A follow-up question here is, how does India stay competitive as this changes?
Because we look at when the LLMs first came out, first became popular, we always said that if India can build foundational models and sort of do what the West has done, that'll be an advantage for us.
But we're now starting to see many of those get commoditized.
And we're starting to see that the real moat is the ability to keep coming up with breakthroughs.
If you had to pick something that India can do now that is still defensible in the next few years, what would that be?
I mean, like, it's not just a...
 India common because it's a common for all of us, right?
I mean, you know at the end of the day I think
 you really want to take what may be commodity and then do higher value.
Because that's the thing in tech, right?
There is no franchise value, right?
So whenever you think, quote unquote, these moats and so on are really overstated sometimes, because you can't really fall in love with your own moat, because it'll get attacked.
That said, I think India has tremendous opportunity, right?
 the total developer community here, the entrepreneurial energy here, the application space.
When I think about all this quick commerce work that's happening, that's pretty unique.
So whoever builds AI applied to that here, SaaS companies out of here, really taking the business model disruption even.
I think the next generation SaaS company that says, you know what, I'm going to embrace these agents.
 In fact, I'll expose them as first-class agents right into co-pilot.
In fact, change even my business model around it.
That's a massive opportunity.
In fact, it's a massive attack vector on any existing SaaS company that may have a massive moat, quote, unquote.
So I think that things like that, and by the way, even on the LLM space, the design space is not narrow.
 When I talk to customers, that's why we are building our foundry, such that we can even be distribution for people who are building purpose-built models for industries.
You're giving them customers?
Yeah, we're going to bring them customers, but also you can build a great LLM or a great foundation model for different sciences.
 for different industries, for different roles that are optimized for cogs, for latency.
So I think the design space is large enough that it may not be just this one model that rules them all, but there will be in every layer of the tech stack opportunities for innovation.
That's fantastic.
I want to ask you a more personal question.
Let's say if you were 25 years old.
 You're sitting out of India, let's say you're an engineer by training, and you're seeing all of this happen.
You're seeing all these new models come out.
You're also seeing the ambiguity that you and everyone else are facing, right?
How would you upskill if you were young again?
That's a great one.
You know, in fact, the way I think one has to deal with both the
 pace and the scale of innovation is to be very good at sampling with agility, is what I describe it.
So that means, for example, the guidance I give ourselves as a company is keep on the frontier and be ready for the next drop.
So experiment?
Yeah, not experiment, but it's kind of like you want to work in multiple gears.
So you're all the time sort of looking at what's coming
 and saying, what is the impossible thing that I can make possible with what's coming?
While I am then making what I built yesterday optimal, optimized for cogs, for latency, for deployment.
 So that two gears, you have to simultaneously work on it.
So experimentation is obviously part of it.
But you can't say, oh, I'm going to build this, and then I'll go to next.
You're simultaneously working with some frontier thing, where you're making something that is impossible today.
 more possible because of what's coming while you're optimizing.
That, I think, is the way, at least as a software developer, you have to work in this age of AI.
Even in Moore's law, we used to do that.
But this is when every six months, every three months, when the performance is doubling.
Even for tech, that's not something we're used to.
 Yeah, I mean, I can give you an example of this.
I just tried Trellis, which is your texture 3D model.
And I was blown away.
I was like, this is so good.
And I was able to try it on my local computer.
And I said, imagine this in two years, it's sort of like the GPD 3.5 right now, and then two years is going to get good.
 Are there any other things that you've seen in research level or the demo level where you've seen it and you think it's going to play out but in five years?
How would you tackle that?
 Interesting.
I have one last question, which is, you spoke about how these models are getting better every three months, every four months.
But I've noticed a problem with legacy businesses.
I meet people who say, I tried this model a year ago.
It was meh.
It had hallucination.
And then they never give it another shot.
And this seems to be a problem, which is a bunch of people use a specific type of model many years ago, or many months ago, and then don't try it again.
What's the best method?
 What's your advice to them?
Yeah, and that would be a big mistake, right?
So which is in some sense, you really want to, as I said, that's why you want to be able to find some place where you can deploy something.
And then it's path dependent, right?
All strategy is path dependent.
If you don't get started, you will never get shots on goal.
 And one of my friends once says to me, you can never get fit by watching others go to the gym.
So you got to better me in the gym every day, lifting weights, if you want to have a shot.
So I think the best way to do it is sample the best.
 You know, figure out how to take the most high ambitious scenario and then start deploying at scale what makes sense for you from an economics and scenario perspective.
If you care about hallucination, there are thousand ways to get rid of hallucinations.
You are grounding now.
Yeah, that's right.
 Grounding is one, but quite frankly, if really you don't want to use an LLM, go use just regular machine learning.
If you're so worried about the 99.9 percentile, don't use some of these things where there are error bounds, because that's why I think evals are important, and really being driven by what's your error bound for humans or for models, and then using that as the real criteria, but then keep at it.
 Interesting.
Thank you so much.
This was an amazing conversation.
I learnt a lot.
I'm sure people watching learnt a lot as well.
Thank you, Satya.
Absolutely.
Such a pleasure.
Thank you.
 TechCrunch Disrupt just hit San Francisco with its 20th anniversary.
And for those who don't know what TechCrunch Disrupt is... And we're completely so-mo-lo.
And we're mo-lo-so.
We're lo-mo-so, bro.
It's an annual gathering of startups, wild technologies, and a few cornerstone tech firms, each bringing their A-game to woo potential investors and achieve glory by facing off against their competitors on the battlefield.
And I don't just mean a figurative battlefield.
I mean a literal one.
 TechCrunch Disrupt's Startup Battlefield is a live competition on stage where founders pitch their ideas to some of Silicon Valley's top investors for a shot at 100 grand in equity-free funding and, more importantly, the kind of exposure that can launch a startup overnight.
It's one of those events where you'll see the next wave of innovation before anyone else.
 the kind of place where companies like Dropbox, Fitbit, and Trello all got their start.
And this year, my good friends over at JetBrains, who sponsored this video, brought me and my producer Dave out there, not just to show off the impressive work they're doing for developers across the entire software lifecycle, but to give me a chance to walk the exhibition halls in search of the coolest new startups bringing wild new tech to the world of AI.
And there was a ton of wild technology on display, but
 In this video, I'm going to narrow it down to the nine that really grabbed our attention.
All right.
So without further ado, here's what I found.
First up, we visited the booth for Shinstar.
I mean, it was hard not to stop when he saw the bright orange suit and the bribe to play their game in exchange for a free meal.
But these guys are pretty cool.
 They're not just automating kitchens, they're actually putting entire robotic restaurants into a truck.
While we were at TechCrunch, my producer Dave and I actually got to see their Ulso Korean BBQ food truck in action.
Inside is a fully robotic kitchen that cooks 24-7 and requires less space than a parking spot.
As Tord from Shinstar explained, we have a fully robotic Korean BBQ restaurant that can cook anywhere, anytime,
 redefining what dining even means.
And instead of adding more guesswork, it helps farmers make smarter, more sustainable decisions.
 Now, it's not the flashiest AI at the show, but it's one of the most impactful.
Less water waste, healthier crops, and maybe, just maybe, cheaper guacamole.
Next up, we visited the booth for UniBio, a biotech startup that's doing something surprisingly cool with shrimp shells.
 Yeah, you heard that right.
These guys are turning shrimp waste into a magical powder that can help farmers grow more food using way fewer chemicals.
Unibio works with a natural polymer found in shrimp shells, which they've engineered at the nanoscale to help plants absorb pesticides and nutrients much more efficiently.
Travis from the team told us that a single pinch of this powder, literally enough to fit just in the
 palm of your hand can cover about 20 tennis courts worth of crops.
That's because it interacts with the plant's own immune system, helping it take in what it needs and waste less.
Now, did you know that around 80% of pesticides sprayed on plants normally goes to waste, either washing off or seeping into the soil?
Unibio's powder helps the plant actually use what's sprayed on it, cutting chemical use by as much as 50% while still boosting yields.
 So it's not just better for farmers, it's better for the plant, it's better for the planet, and for anyone who eats food, which is you, and well me too most days.
The company started in Argentina with four women scientists who wanted to upcycle shrimp waste into something useful, and now they're working with major agrochemical companies to integrate their turbocharged powder directly into products.
And their technology is already being used by major companies like Samsung and LG.
They've also built one of the world's largest sleep datasets to train their AI models on.
 They're basically building the foundation for contactless sleep health, something that could eventually be baked right into phones, TVs, or even smart speakers.
I personally took a peek at the app, and it's actually quite detailed for something that only uses sound.
Plus, it's completely free to try right now.
Eventually, they want to move to a subscription model, but as of right now, it's totally free.
And if this kind of tech takes off, it could make sleep tracking as effortless as just making sure your phone is on your nightstand by your bed, something that's actually pretty common for most of us anyway.
 Next up, we visited the booth for General Neuro, a company that claims to literally tickle your brain to help you learn faster.
Yeah, that's right.
Their headset uses mild electrical stimulation to boost neuroplasticity so your neurons fire more easily while you study.
 In theory, it's like a pre-workout, but for your brain.
They just launched on Kickstarter, and the founders told us it's designed to lower the threshold for neuron activity in the part of your brain associated with language learning.
Basically, you strap this thing on, open their AI-powered app, and it zaps your skull while you practice Spanish or Italian, because nothing says immersion like a gentle jolt to the cortex.
Now, I wasn't about to risk frying my synapses for the sake of a YouTube video,
 So I made my producer Dave do it instead.
The rep literally goes, you feel a little tingle?
And sure enough, Dave starts wincing and says, yeah, definitely a tingle.
Then he asked if it should be harder.
The guy actually says, we can make it harder.
So yeah, things escalated quickly.
 Apparently the tingling means it's working.
Personally, I think it means your neurons are filing a complaint.
But to their credit, they were super nice and genuinely into the neuroscience behind it.
One of the co-founders is even finishing his PhD at NYU.
 Now, as you've probably noticed by now, I really gravitated towards products that feel like they have potential to make a real difference for people and for the world.
And that's why this magical shrimp powder made my list of most interesting things that we saw it disrupt.
 Next, we visited the booth for Gargoyle Systems, a company building what they call air traffic control for drones.
Now, this one grabbed our attention because their approach doesn't just make drone delivery safer, it's actually paying everyday people to help build the network that makes it possible.
Gargoyle Systems were building air traffic control, but for drones.
Let's say an airport, for example.
They can only put things around their own perimeter, but they need situational awareness beyond their perimeter.
Same with a stadium, same with a prison.
Right.
 So if you have a gargoyle and they're subscribing, we're going to share that revenue with you for having that on your roof.
All right, so here's how it works.
Imagine you've got a gargoyle node, which is a little small box and you stick it on your roof.
Once it's online, it becomes part of a distributed system that detects drones flying overhead.
Airports, stadiums, even emergency services need this kind of situational awareness beyond their own perimeter.
 So they subscribe to the network for real time drone data.
And if you have a node and it contributes to that coverage, you actually get a little cut of the revenue.
So basically you're helping keep the sky safe and getting paid for it.
If you know much about blockchain, it's kind of like helium, but for drones, it's a community powered sensor grid that rewards you in crypto for supporting their infrastructure.
 And what makes it even cooler is how Polkadot powers the whole thing behind the scenes.
Because it's built on the Polkadot blockchain, Gargoyle can handle instant automatic payments to node owners without a middleman.
So no banks or card fees, just real-time rewards flowing into your account.
Now, Juni is JetBrain's new coding agent that, unlike a simple chat assistant, can understand your project, create a plan, and carry out coding tasks such as refactoring or adding tests.
 You stay in control, reviewing its plans, and approving any changes before they're made.
The goal isn't to replace developers, but to actually help with routine or time-consuming work, so coders can focus on the parts of coding that really need human attention.
Juni represents JetBrains' next step towards practical, collaborative AI in everyday software development.
 And as far as that simulation game is concerned, I did all right.
Then I had the chance to sit down with Arun Gupta, JetBrains VP of developer experience.
When we talked, he really drilled down on the customers they're aiming to serve.
JetBrains is a global software developer company.
We have been into existence for 25 plus years now.
 I like the way JetBrains refuses to take their focus off the development community.
 with an emphasis on removing the boring, mindless tasks.
We believe that, you know, AI is definitely an instrumental technology of the era.
But our North Star is productivity, making them super productive, but then also giving them the joy while they're coding.
 What was also interesting, and the focus of Arun's appearance on stage, was the way JetBrains challenges some of the popular ideas surrounding vibe coding, and whether or not AI is ready for primetime in that realm.
Today, the spectrum is early on.
It gets you started, gets you an MVP, even to a non-coder for that sake.
What are your next 25.2 miles are going to look like?
How are you going to package it up?
Is vibe code ready for that?
Not right now.
Now, we have also seen where companies are talking about, oh, this is all going to work out agentically.
 Well, agentical is a bit magical right now.
However, I'm even more excited by ideas
 that feel like they truly have the potential to change the world.
Things like improving farming so that food is healthier and more efficient to produce, because it means more people get better access to high quality foods.
And shipping vehicles that can convert from a truck to a train in 90 seconds, and that can leverage our underutilized rail system, well that means more efficient shipping, lower pollution, and less congested roadways for everyone.
 AI has finally gotten to a place where we're seeing real world tangible benefits that are actually improving humanity.
And that's why, despite all the negatives that come with AI, and don't get me wrong, there are a lot, I'm still insanely excited and optimistic about the future and the AI technology that's helping us build it.
Dave and I had an awesome time being surrounded by impressive entrepreneurs, inventors, and investors, and we can't wait to see which of these new companies are able to have a significant impact on our everyday lives.
 So thank you so much again to JetBrains for showing us around and making it a memorable experience.
Make sure you click the link in the description to learn more about everything they do and to try Juni for yourself.
And as always, if you want to see more videos like this in your YouTube feed, make sure you give this video a like and click that subscribe button.
And I promise to keep you super looped in on all the latest AI news, tools, tutorials, you'll be completely tapped in.
I do my best to stay on top of
 all of it for you so that you never miss what's going on in the world of AI.
Thank you so much for hanging out with me today, nerding out with me on this video.
Tech Crunch Disrupt was a blast and hopefully I'll see you in the next one.
Thanks so much.
Bye-bye.
 Thank you so much for nerding out with me today.
If you like videos like this, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel.
I'll make sure more videos like this show up in your YouTube feed.
And if you haven't already, check out future tools.io where I share all the coolest AI tools and all the latest AI news.
And there's an awesome free newsletter.
Thanks again.
Really appreciate you.
 I wasn't representing anybody except for me.
And doing good.
 Hey, welcome back to Screen Crush.
I'm Ryan Airy, and let's talk about Superman.
This movie doesn't just stand apart from recent comic book movies, but it might just be the best Superman movie ever made.
And I say that as a huge fan of Superman the movie.
It is my favorite superhero film of all time.
But this movie does expose some flaws in that film that we're going to talk about later in the video.
And we're also going to hear from a panel of experts to get their thoughts.
But first, I want to talk about what I like and why this film succeeded where a lot of recent Marvel movies have failed.
 So Man of Steel was a superhero movie about a guy who hated being a superhero.
But this film is packed with colorful joy and hope.
I mean, we've had like 20 years of these movies running away from the comics, but James Gunn embraced the comic book source material.
Superman doesn't just look the part, but the universe he inhabits is ripped straight from the page.
In the comics, there's always some sort of monster or disaster.
And in this movie, we see that in this world, the amazing has kind of become ordinary.
 But what I love most is that James Gunn understands the essence of Superman.
While Zack Snyder tried to reinvent Superman, Gunn embraces him.
This version of Superman struggles to find his place in the world, but the core lesson for him in this movie is that he has to embrace his flaws because those flaws make him human.
It also does a great job of implying a shared universe and making me want more, but without throwing Easter eggs at my head the entire time.
 For instance, there's no walk down a corridor to tease new villains like we saw in Amazing Spider-Man 2, or an annoying post-credits tag from a huge celebrity who we may never see again.
Like, I want to see the next DCU movie because this universe is really fun.
And this goes back to James Gunn's philosophy that script writing should come first.
So this has been a huge problem with Marvel movies.
 Ever since Iron Man, they started filming a lot of their movies without finished screenplays.
Instead, the visual effects team gets started first, and then the screenplay is finished later on.
There is one thing that kind of worries me about that though.
 Like the reason we were able to get like 10 Tony Stark movies in 10 years or whatever it was and the reason we were able to get like all of these great Marvel movies one after the other is because they were constantly planning what was next and what was next.
So obviously they're not going to tell us if they're
 They're not going to announce plans for Superman 2 yet, but I do think that this slow and methodical approach might age out some of the actors.
You know, it's a little bit riskier that maybe we won't see a Justice League film with all of these characters for 12 years or so.
I wonder, do you guys have any concerns like that, or is this movie worth it?
Or how much does that even matter to you that we get this big crossover movie?
 Well, I think one of the great things they did here is establish that everything is already around, right?
We have the Justice Gang, they leap into action, metahumans have been around forever.
So in a way that Marvel had to introduce each character with a contextualization of how they've been here all along, because when Iron Man came out,
 Iron Man, as far as we knew, was the first extraordinary thing that's happened in this world.
So then when Thor, Captain America, and the others come into the scene, you have to kind of go backwards and say, oh, no, no, no, Ant-Man was actually here during the 70s, but we didn't know about him.
Captain Marvel was here in the 90s, but nobody knew about it.
 Right now, if they wanted to make a Justice League movie in 2027, they could just say, oh, the Justice Gang expanded its ranks now that the Hall of Justice is built.
Like, James really set up a universe that
 can just sort of plug and play.
And I think that that's really exciting.
And it goes to show that you really can make a superhero movie in a realized, fully fleshed superhero universe without it getting bogged down.
It was one of the first thing James said
 when he announced Green Lantern, Hawk Girl, Mr.
Terrific, and Metamorpho, and people were saying, oh my god, this movie is gonna be jam-packed with cameos.
 Well, and I just want to say, I want Justice Gang asterisk, and then at the end, they reveal it's Justice League.
That's what I want for the universe.
Oh, OK.
 It's better than Man of Steel.
I think Man of Steel was the right movie for the right time.
DC was trying to stand out in a time where the MCU was kind of the bright type of film that this Superman ended up being.
They were trying to make their universe stand out and be a little different.
The only Superman movies we had had to that point
 was the uh original four and then they did that superman returns movie which was that same genre so i i get why they pivoted when they pivoted we we also have to remember that that film came out in what 2013 which is when that kind of genre of comic book film was more i i guess like
 I don't want to say popular, because it never really took off, but you could kind of see that that's what they were going for, especially with the Dark Knight trilogy and stuff like that.
Yeah, I would say, and I hope it's not recency bias, but yeah, this is probably the best Superman movie ever made.
I want Superman 2 and Superman 3.
I want an actual trilogy that doesn't require me to see like seven other movies in between the films before they start doing like Justice League and all this crossover stuff.
I want James Gunn to make another Superman movie and have it out in like the next two and a half years.
 And that's the real challenge for this universe is, you know, are they going to avoid the DCEU thing where they, I mean, I like what Cameron said about there's already a justice gang, but I still want to see all the big heavy hitters get their own movie and then get that thrill of seeing them on screen for the first time.
Cam, what do you think?
That's the great thing about the justice gang is that none of them are really heavy hitters, right?
It's Guy Gardner.
I'm sorry.
How dare you disparage Hawk Girl?
How dare I disparage Guy Gardner, the man himself?
 Look, we're all comic book fans, we've all seen Superman, and I want to get your thoughts, and then find out, hey, where does this rank in the canon of Superman films, and why did you think it worked so well?
Cameron, you are the biggest DC fan I know.
You've been a huge fan of this character since you were born, basically.
Tell me you like the movie.
 I mean, it was so good.
It was the perfect movie for our times.
I think that's what made Superman stand out in a way that maybe other iterations hadn't before, or in a way that other superheroes haven't recently, is that Superman is so the hero for our time right now.
Things have gotten so terribly cynical that the idea that there's a superhero who exists to stand against that, to say that optimism and hope
 are not foolish, they're actually virtuous, is really cool.
And it was just done so well.
I mean, David Coren Sweat's Superman is, in my opinion, the best depiction of the character I've seen since the Justice League Unlimited episode, where Superman had that dream Krypton world that got terribly torn away from him.
It was this... Was that what you get for the man who has everything?
 what do you for the man who has everything which is based on a famous and great superman comic book as well it was a very exuberant lively effervescent depiction of the character who had a mixture of childish wonder to him but not in like a star lord man child way more in like a
 I'm an optimistic person who sees the best in the world, and you understand that even more when you meet Ma and Pa and you see the goodness in them.
But Corn Sweat was an unbelievable choice for the character.
I called it years ago, by the way, when I watched him in The Politician on Netflix.
But Rachel Brosnahan was so
 Excuse me, was so freaking good.
She was so formidable and she chewed up the screen when she was there.
I wish we had gotten more of her.
That was the first thing.
That was the only thing I had resembling a bad feeling about the movie is I was like,
 I could have handled another 20 minutes of Lois Lane and the Daily Planet.
But really, just from top to bottom, it is unapologetically Superman.
It is unapologetically comic book.
It's one of the comic bookiest movies I've ever seen, including the Raimi films.
 There's some stuff in there.
That moment is more magical without that narration.
So as much as I love Superman 78, like you guys said, it is very much a product of its time.
And we may look back in 20, 40, 50 years at this movie and say, boy, that was a product of its time.
If I'm still alive and they're still making superhero movies when I'm 90, I'll be lucky to have an opinion of them.
But you never know.
That's the thing.
I think you always have to consider things in the cultural context.
So I do think it's interesting how this movie
 Seems more like a remake of Superman Returns.
There's a lot of similarities I'm going to talk to you guys about right now.
But Matt, Cameron, Colton, thank you guys so much for joining me.
Cameron, you're fired.
Now, like we were saying, Superman 78 is very much a film of its time.
Certain parts have aged poorly.
Like Matt said, there is the Shakespearean-esque Krypton opening, which owes more to 70s dystopia sci-fi films like Logan's Run or THX 1138.
But I do disagree with Matt about one thing.
 those Smallville scenes are crucial.
That is where we see who Clark Kent really is, just like we do in this movie.
When Pa Kent says, son, you're here for a reason.
It's not to score touchdowns.
He is telling Clark that his powers should be used for a greater purpose.
Richard Donner specifically did the film in three phases, a Shakespearean opera, a Norman Rockwell painting, and a comic strip.
I don't think that anything in Metropolis works without those first two parts.
 And I don't necessarily think it's fair to compare these two films.
Superman 2025 would not soar if it didn't have Superman 78 to fly behind.
But what do you guys think?
Is this the best Superman movie?
Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below or at me on Twitter, Blue Sky Threads, or on our free to join Discord server.
And if it's your first time here, please subscribe, smash that bell for alerts.
For Spring Crush, I'm Ryan Airy.
 Can ultra-processed food affect your mental abilities?
This is News Review from BBC Learning English.
I'm Neil.
And I'm Beth.
Stick with us till the end of the programme and you'll learn some vocabulary about junk food.
Yep, you will.
And don't forget, subscribe to our channel, like this video and try the quiz on our website.
Now, today's story.
 Ultra-processed food affects people's mental abilities.
That's according to a new study in Australia, which found that older people were negatively affected by things like junk food and fizzy drinks.
Meanwhile, research in the UK found that almost 75% of calories in school lunches come from ultra-processed food.
 Health experts have called for there to be a limit on this type of food for school children.
You've been looking at the headlines, Beth.
What is the vocabulary?
We have ultra, cap and escape the cycle.
This is News Review from BBC Learning English.
Let's have a look at our first headline.
 This one comes from the New Telegraph in Nigeria.
Study ties ultra-processed foods to poor cognitive function.
So first of all, cognitive function, that's an expression that refers to a broad range of mental abilities.
But we're looking at ultra in the word ultra-processed.
Process though, Beth, I think most people know.
 Yeah, it's food that has had some kind of industrial process done to it, often to make the food last longer or look better.
And here, by putting ultra at the beginning of the word, it means extremely.
So ultra-processed food has had a lot of things done to it, even before we put it in our mouths.
Yeah, and this prefix ultra we can add to different adjectives and it just means more extreme.
 Yeah, exactly.
So, a really modern building is ultra-modern.
A very strict teacher could be ultra-strict.
And someone like you, Neil, who is really cool, could be ultra-cool.
Thanks, Beth.
You're welcome.
 Ultra is added to adjectives using a hyphen, but not always.
No, and you'll see in the headline and in lots of other places that it can be written as one word or two words with or without a hyphen.
Ultra also exists as a noun and it is a type of person.
 Exactly, yeah.
So, an ultra is a person with extreme views on something.
So, they have opinions, for example, that are much more extreme than the other members of their political party.
Or they might be extreme supporters of a football team.
OK. Let's take another look at that.
Let's have a look at our next headline.
 This one comes from The Times.
Junk food cap demanded for school lunches.
And we are looking at the word cap.
Nice and easy, Beth.
A cap is something you put on your head.
Yeah, well, that's actually quite a useful way of thinking about it.
So, yeah, you put a cap on top of your head, and as long as you're standing up, that cap is the upper limit of your body.
There's nothing beyond that.
 Yes.
And cap in this headline is used just like that, in that way.
Cap is a limit, something you cannot go above.
Exactly.
And we can also use it as a verb, to cap something.
And that just means to put a cap on or put a limit on something.
Yeah.
It's quite official sounding.
 Yes, it is.
And we mainly use it for serious things and also official measures taken to limit things.
So, for example, at work, they might put a cap on your spending.
Yeah.
But you probably wouldn't say, I put a cap on my kids' mobile phone use.
No, probably not.
It sounds a bit strange.
So, you might say that you'd restrict their time or put a limit on it.
OK. Let's have a look at that again.
 Our next headline please.
This one comes from The House.
Escaping the junk food cycle.
Is it possible?
We have escaping the cycle.
There's an expression with two main parts  escaping and cycle.
 Exactly.
So escaping is about getting away from somewhere that you don't like.
We often hear about people escaping from prison.
And the second part is cycle.
Neil, what can you tell us about a cycle?
Well, a cycle is something that goes around.
So think of a bicycle.
Your legs go around, the wheels go around.
A washing machine cycle.
The clothes go round and round and round.
 Yeah, so escaping a cycle is to try and get away from a situation that just keeps repeating itself.
And we do tend to use this for bad negative situations.
 Yeah.
And you can put the bad thing in the middle of this expression, escaping the cycle.
So escaping the junk food cycle.
People don't have enough time or money to buy healthy food.
They buy unhealthy, ultra-processed junk food, but then they become unhealthy themselves.
And it's a cycle that goes around.
 Yeah, and we can use this with other dangerous situations.
So we hear about people escaping the cycle of addiction or violence.
Let's take another look.
We've had ultra add it to an adjective and it means more extreme.
Cap  a limit.
And escape the cycle  get away from a situation which keeps getting worse.
 and you don't want your English to get worse.
So don't forget there's a quiz on our website.
Thank you for joining us and goodbye.
Bye.
 Today, we will be reacting to the most insane parkour jumps ever.
Now, Chris, leave the room.
Bye.
As you'll see, there is $10,000 in cash.
Every single time Chris says a certain word while we film this video, you lose $100.
What is that word?
Butt.
You could have picked zebras.
You could have picked any word.
All right, get out of here.
Can I change it?
Can I change it, please?
Chris!
Every time you say this word, no one loses $100.
 I will be a chatterbox.
Now on to the point of the video, extreme parkour jumps.
Whoa, these are very cool and exciting and the jumping is really, really cool.
Oh, you're just trying to make Nolan lose money.
Yeah, I just want Nolan to lose money.
Whoa, that's not safe.
I love when people do this and he like slides on the side of the building.
 Oh, okay, when they, when they, okay, I thought you just meant you like it when people jump off roofs.
No, no, I do not love when you jump off a building.
Don't jump off of buildings to make Jimmy happy.
Hey, how many times have I said the word?
So far, you haven't said the word a single time.
No way.
So when it's my mom, you make it hard and still in my lap.
Nolan picked the word.
You let Nolan pick the word?
The word is not zebra.
Corn.
It's not corn.
Butter.
It's not butter.
That's the only thing I think Nolan would make it.
Hey, you could just normally go down the stairs or you could just get butt burned.
 Yo, why is it that every escalator I go on has these little ring things?
The safety things to catch your nerves.
Why can't I find one?
Dude, America, stop being so lame.
That would be so much fun.
Hey, every escalator that I go down, get rid of those little circle things.
I would love to go down like that.
 These are poles.
Those are French fries.
They're like the crinkle cut French fries.
I don't like crinkle cuts.
I like McDonald's style.
You know where it goes?
The ceiling got shorter.
That's not on me.
All right, let's see what he does.
Whoa, that's impressive.
Now, how does he get back?
Swimming.
Oh, what the heck?
That's tall.
I just.
 Why?
Why would you ever do that?
Michael Jordan, help us out.
Stop it.
Get some help.
No.
That's sketch.
I mean, all it takes is one of those to just collapse, because somebody didn't build it properly.
You're putting a lot of trust in people who build buildings.
Like three times.
But it was fun.
We actually did this as well.
We went to a trampoline park with him, but that video never saw the light of day.
It did never see the light of day.
Here's the thing, it's hot in those things.
Excruciatingly.
And when you do it when it's 90 degrees out.
Ball suit.
Ain't no one having fun.
Butt suit.
Wait, you just said the word.
 Nolan just lost another 100 bucks.
Actually, according to the counter, you've said it three times.
Nolan's lost 300 bucks.
500 now.
Analyzing ball soup.
Ball.
 It's the dinosaur climbing rope.
How am I supposed to think when that's going on?
Alright, so what's he gonna do?
Oh, he's gonna ninja run across it.
He doesn't look confident.
I don't want to see this in slow-mo.
That's why he didn't look confident.
Alright, Assassin's Creed.
The English Empire is chasing them.
The English Empire.
Is that not it?
 I guess so, I mean.
Lame.
Lame.
They're just scooting across a bus.
This is cool.
This is real parkour.
Parkour?
Parkour.
Played slow-mo?
Parkour.
Played 10 times?
Parkour.
Sometimes I misspeak.
10,000 times?
Parkour.
It happens.
All right, everyone type out a comment.
Now that we're all on the same page that Chris screwed up, we can continue.
All right.
 Yeah, these guys, I like it.
I mean... Oh!
Okay, this should have started with the L and it was only like one second.
So was the English chasing them or were they chasing the English?
They chased them into an alley where no one would see and they just were like, oh, gotta do it in a flip.
Wait, one, two, three.
Whoa!
I tried to do one one time and landed on my neck and they thought I was gonna die.
He is more alpha.
He is more alpha.
Congratulations, you won the more alpha than Chris award.
Hey, it's not a very hard award to win.
 So he's trying to make it across his house without touching the ground.
Me.
Touch the floor in your house, win $10,000.
Chandler.
That's a good meme.
That's a good meme.
I wonder what his wife thinks.
He's probably the one filming it.
She's like, yeah, babe, you got it.
He's like, okay, wife, I want to do this to the house.
What do you think?
Also, do people refer to their wife as wife?
I do.
Wife, I've arrived.
Fetches me my clothes.
They don't think that people are going to be running on them.
Hey.
Slow-mo jump.
Parkour, but with a bike.
Love biker.
Yo, that was a good flip.
 Good thing the cardboard was already there.
If that cardboard wasn't there, who knows what would have happened?
They would have had to get their hoodies dirty.
You're saying I could say... Actually, one of the things you said earlier was pretty close to what it is.
Corn.
It's not corn.
Butter.
It's not butter.
Butter.
We'll keep going.
No.
Oh, the Beatles reference.
I guarantee you 99% of the people watching this have no idea who the Beatles are.
I feel like they would.
The Beatles are pretty popular.
Or they at least know who they are, but they've never heard a single song.
 Oh yeah, but everybody knows like the Abbey Road thing.
I guess I'm not everybody.
All right, you got a plane ticket.
Oh gosh, you're running late.
Grab that bag, get it out of here.
Hey, this guy.
Oh, he's blocking the whole thing.
Well, at least you guys see his Red Bull logo.
Yeah, I was about to say, is this sponsored by Red Bull?
Uh-oh, TSA.
Wait a minute.
 Wait, so now you're running from security.
Best case scenario, you still make your flight, you're going to jail.
No, not somebody's luggage.
They take such gentle care of... You could have just gone.
Wait, that's a real plane.
Wait, I don't care about the real plane.
Wait, hold on.
As you see here, he could just take an immediate left and be up the stairs.
Watch what he does.
 God, he wasted so much effort.
Chris, he is in a hurry.
This is all as efficient as possible.
This is not just to look cool.
That's fair.
What were you saying about a real plane or something?
Well, that is a real plane there, so maybe this is a real airport.
Yeah, it's a real airport.
They weren't connected yet.
Wow.
I think that gets you on a no-fly list.
 You know what, honestly, let's give him first class.
And then he sits by this, okay.
Dinosaur, I love these.
It's hard in this room.
Yo, look how red his face is.
All right, shut up, Chris.
We're watching a guy run.
But our monitor fell.
Oh, wait, wait.
When you were doing that, you said the word.
Wait, I don't.
Also, this guy just fell over and weaseled down.
But that's what he was supposed to do.
Hold on.
I got to get on my box so that.
You said the word again.
Is it box?
Shut up.
This guy is climbing a stairway.
This is impressive.
I'm winded just from doing one thing, and these guys are like doing everything.
What?
Yo, wait.
The physics involved in that, oh my gosh.
That's insane.
 Oh, wait, were they about to kiss?
Yeah.
What would happen if we kissed on the parkour park?
I don't know.
You want to go try it out?
We don't have a parkour park.
You also have a wife.
Wife!
Oh, I can do this.
Not two, but I can do one.
Wait, slo-mo?
One.
I can do that easily.
Oh, I can't do that.
That's insane.
You know what you can do?
What?
Pass Nolan 100 bucks.
Okay, hold on.
Why am I not remembering what the word is?
Am I stupid?
You didn't say it there.
You didn't disagree with me about the stupid thing.
 I have a reason for not disagreeing.
All right.
When you're on the playground, the teacher says recess is up.
You're like, nope, I'm going to keep going.
Could you imagine running from your teacher like this?
I've always said that, but with cops.
I just want to run away from them one time.
Like if they would let me.
All right, Chris, we got 30 seconds left.
Quick.
Make no one lose money.
Um, boy, ball, bro.
It's a body part.
Oh, butt.
 B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-
 Hey, still, that's a lot of money.
You talk a lot, but that's pretty good.
Hey, appreciate it.
Well, here you go.
Chris was intent on stealing money.
He only got about half of it.
Go enjoy it.
 Yo, what's up?
It's your boy KSI.
This is the day after the Brits.
I'm very hungover.
I feel like ass, not the good kind.
But today's the day I leave for tour.
And I thought, you know what?
I ain't going to leave you guys empty-handed.
I'm going to at least record one more video before I go on tour.
Here it is.
It's a try not to laugh.
Woo!
 Honestly, I don't think I'm going to laugh I think this is going to be one of the first times why I don't laugh It's gonna take a lot because I am NOT in the right frame of mind either way.
Let's see Let's see what this batch is saying As flies To wanton boys We are for the goats They kill us for the sport
 Soon the science will not only be able to slow down the aging of the cells.
Soon the science will be, will fix the cells.
What the fuck is going on?
What is he talking about?
Less than a minute in and I'm already laughing.
Slow down the aging of the cells.
Soon the science will be, will fix the cells.
 to the state.
And so we become eternal.
What?
Only accidents, crimes, wars will still kill us.
But unfortunately, crimes and wars will multiply.
I love football.
 Thank you.
Thank you, Eric.
Well, how'd you manage to do that, Lucas?
Either you shoot at the temples and pull down, or you shoot at the side of the skull wall.
 It's the weakest part of the skull, he's right.
That's very sophisticated knowledge there.
Yeah, but then he started screaming.
Yeah, right.
And then I showed off each one of his fingers, and then he stopped screaming.
So Jack, it was the screaming you heard that woke you up so you could call the police?
No, no, actually it was Lucas laughing that woke me up.
I had never heard the...
This is...
So all the gunshots, all the gunshots...
 didn't wake you up.
You know, the guy in agony didn't wake you up.
It was Lucas, the kid, he's laughing.
That's what woke you up.
 Oh my god.
Really?
Oh no, this kid's insane.
Ay yo, this kid's through no bad school, man.
Wait, what is this?
Nah, this isn't true.
Nah, this isn't true.
Wait, yo!
Okay, I beg.
 He's gotten a little shy now.
Well, Jack Armitage, thanks so much for being here.
Thank you for your heroic work.
No, no, no, no.
That smile.
Yo.
Yo.
That smile.
Look at that smile.
Yo, that smile is evil.
What you mean, my boy?
Bro, you stupid.
Hey, yo, his tongue though.
 That's a weird looking skull.
Oh my God.
My degree in walking fish with a minor in water and snow because I mop air.
I'm also a dentist that fixes feet at the vet when I'm lying to sleep.
So I think this job would be pretty good for my mom since she doesn't have kids.
This job would be good for my mom since she doesn't have kids.
 So I think this job would be pretty good for my mom since she doesn't have kids.
Wait, what are you talking about?
As I was saying, I was saying that my twin uncle was like walking meatless dogs, right?
Come to find out the dryer was wet from folding dishes because the kitten dogs was moving.
I don't think this is going to work out.
This is not a good fit for our company and I would not hold your breath waiting for a phone call.
So do I start last year?
 Skiers and riders, we received another inch of natural snow overnight, and it's still coming down right now.
So far this week, we've received 16 inches of natural snow.
Conditions are fantastic right now.
We're expecting some pretty cold temps over the next few days, and our snowmaking team is ready to fire up those snow guns and take advantage of every opportunity.
If you're planning on joining us over the next couple of days, make sure you dress warm.
 Struggling!
It's finished at Sunderland.
Manchester United have done all they can.
That Rooney goal was enough for the three points.
Manchester City are still alive here.
Balotelli.
Aguero.
 I swear you'll never see anything like this ever again.
So watch it, drink it in.
Two goals in added time for Manchester City to snatch the title away from Manchester United.
That's Jones.
Oh.
Oh.
OK. OK. OK. OK. Yeah.
What's white and 14 inches long?
What?
Nothing.
 Hit him.
 Um, what providence do you reside from sir young man what of which location do you reside in my young fellow?
I'm from how I shall never disrespect me.
Well, how dare you ask for my location
 Take all your shillings out your pockets right now.
You shall do nothing.
You shall do nothing thou shalt Romeo.
How dare you?
I shall swing my sword in thy organs and punch up thy lungs.
They call me Shakespeare the second.
You know why?
 Tell a job interviewer story that don't make sense y'all stay tuned
 Um, I just graduated from home last year ago with my degree in walking fish with a minor of water in the snow because I mop air.
I'm also a dentist that fixes feet at the vet when I'm wild asleep.
So, uh, I think there's a-
 Yo, the way she's like, yo, what's going on?
The information is not computing.
He's just saying a lot of words, but I don't understand.
Yo.
 Wait, what?
Wait, what?
Wait, what?
Wait, what?
It's a good fish!
Whoa!
Whoa!
It's a good fish back there.
Wait, what?
Oh, look at this fish!
Look at her back!
Wait, wait.
I don't see anything.
I don't see anything.
Hey, yo!
Michael Jackson!
 Hey, yo, I ain't never heard anyone call a woman fish.
Hey, yo, there's some good fish right there, yo.
I'm about to go fishing, hey.
Okay.
Michael Jackson, yeah.
Moving a bit mad, man.
Bro, he would have got canceled.
Shit, they might cancel him still.
Oh, yes, nice.
Oh my God, okay, all right.
 i feel like i recognize him i mean obviously it's it's me but like i feel like this
 this face exists somewhere.
Anyway, try not to laugh, I failed.
But me, that was funny.
I'm gonna go on tour.
So I will see you all in a bit.
I'll see if I can squeeze in some more videos.
Halfway through tour, but the tour's for a month.
So yeah, I'll be able to see a few of you in person, perform and that, do shows.
So take care, guys.
 What's good ladies and gents, I got a special bid for you today.
Today we are going to be checking out the most popular Indian movie trailers of all time.
And these stats are based on the first 24 hours of the trailer being out.
So we have top 5 and a few honorable mentions.
And basically I got this information from IMDB and Cinetales.
Those websites gave me the stats of like the most few trailers in the first 24 hours.
 So I think today we'll have like eight trailers to watch and first we're gonna start with an honorable mention Which this one was very close.
This was in the top ten It is a bahubali 2 and we're gonna watch the most recent trailer as well That just came out a few days ago that has a little bit of recency bias They didn't make the top five, but that's why I put them in honorable mention and also a shout out to a man He told me about this movie.
So I Might go check it out.
I go see it in the theaters when it drops.
I'm not sure I
 Because apparently this movie is super globally recognized.
Apparently it's super globally well known for a movie.
Indian movie.
 Also, I don't know why this just came in my head Hanuman kind the rapper whoever be directing his music videos that man should be making a movie or girl whoever's doing it like maybe they already do movies, but I don't know why I just randomly thought about that.
Oh Nah, you're a simp.
Oh nah bro.
 Oh, this is Queen.
Oh, we got like the metal.
 Whoa.
Whoa.
I feel like a King Kong in this bih.
This is kinda, oh, this is looking like just pure cinema right now.
I feel like I would watch all of these movies so far.
 Whatever you can get in the universe, you've already got it.
Lakshmi Gopal will become Narayan.
Jai Shri Ram!
 Amrut shout out that guy banger dude t-series films.
Oh my god t-series just be going crazy Number five not the last one of the video though.
I got one more honorable mention after this, but this is number five also like 71 million views in the first 24 hours, I believe Let's see if this is action as well.
Oh
 I was in 5th standard and Michael Jackson's concert was happening in Bombay.
You knew what a big fan I was of Michael Jackson.
All my friends were going, but I didn't go because it was your birthday.
Let's replay that day.
You don't have to do anything.
You just have to say, Papa, Papa, and I'll act for you.
Okay?
Do it properly, Papa.
That's who Gramps is talking about.
That's who, that's who all these guys in the back fear.
But why though?
Yeah, I didn't get a whole lot, which I actually like.
I like trailers, trailers that don't give you a whole lot.
Cause I don't want to get spoiled.
 But that guy seems like a badass.
Wait, this is not, is this number two?
Okay, I rechecked and yes, KGF chapter two is the number two most viewed trailer of all time in India.
With 106 million views in the first 24 hours.
And I was wrong about Salar.
Salar had 113 million in the first 24 hours.
And I guess it's made by the same people?
Same director?
What the hell?
 These guys must be insane.
A promise was once made.
History tells us...
 This music, I like this music right now.
This is giving like TikTok edit music, like this is... Bro, this one's looking sick as well.
 Yeah!
Yeah!
 So is brother the brother?
Oh, it's Halloween.
Dang, it's soon.
Is it like, what, is it in every theater?
Cause I know this is a very like more popular global movie than other Indian movies.
So I don't know if this is like in America too or what.
 Looks kind of sick though.
I'm guessing it's not in America unless maybe it has like an English dub or something.
I don't know.
I don't really know.
I know Demon Slayer is a Japanese movie and that came out like a month after it came out in Japan in America or maybe more than a month.
So maybe this will come out in a few months.
I'm not sure how it works, but that was sick.
And that isn't even in the top five.
Literally gained hella testosterone.
Now I think I'm going to gain even more.
 We'll see.
Salar is actually the number one most viewed in 24 hours.
Listen, if my stats are wrong, y'all can let me know in the comments, but from what I've researched, this is number one.
It gained, I think 120 or 140 million views in the first 24 hours across all channels, which is insane.
Let's go.
Okay.
 Starting off hot.
Oh, this guy's aura farming.
Grandpa.
W. Oh, he's injured too.
Great.
You're fighting ghosts in your head.
Do you even realize that?
I don't fight ghosts.
I eat them.
If I get a scratch again, I'll burn the world, dad.
 Not gonna lie, I mean, fire, son.
I can't lie.
Shoot, when I'm a dad, I hope my son likes me this much.
Well, actually, maybe not this much.
Full minigun because someone shot your dad.
Yo, honestly, respect.
I can't even lie, that is respect.
It's a little outlandish, though.
What is that?
I want one of those.
Oh.
 My sanity will crumble as an aftermath.
See, yeah, that's where it draws the line.
Like, something bad happens to your dad, like, I get it, you go crazy, but when your full-on sanity has just been depleted, maybe we went a little too far.
Respect it, though.
 This the guy who shot him?
This fucking guy?
Ah shit, he kinda got Aura.
Oh no.
Oh no, he definitely got his ass beat.
Ah, shoot.
The villain looked like he kinda had Aura.
Oh no.
Oh.
 Nah, he's got oil!
Smoking a cigarette on his body after beating you up?
You gotta retire after that.
Oh my god.
Wow.
So he kicked in the arrow Goes through the fucking tree and kills him.
Oh
 Super strength all of a sudden?
So they are brothers still bro!
That's fire!
The tiger and the lion!
RRR!
That looks sick!
 Weren't they like practicing that move earlier on?
They were holding each other up earlier in the trailer?
This is creative and insane as well.
I hope none of these trailers get blurred by copyright, dude.
 insane let me look at the list which one i think was the craziest i think maybe kgf was the most intense and fire trailer they were all insanely fire though like literally
 Wow, let me know y'all favorite trailers and y'all more more importantly What's y'all favorite movie out of them cuz trailer is one thing like it's you know, it's the hype It's the hype thing, but the movie is like what really matters the most and they look like good movies, bro They look fire.
I'm not fully ready yet to make movie reactions.
I'm not there yet But you know, maybe the time will come holy moly.
Yeah, that was sick.
Thank y'all for watching.
 Happy Thursday everybody, Max here with your fix of gaming news.
Coming up, GTA 6 gets delayed yet again, The Legend of Zelda movie starts production, and Rockstar co-founder Dan Hauser is convinced we will get a Red Dead Redemption 3 someday, but he probably won't be involved.
Let's get into it.
 Grand Theft Auto 6 is still shaping up to be the biggest game of 2026, but it's going to be coming a little later in the year than expected.
Rockstar Games' parent company, Take-Two Interactive, held an earnings call this morning and broke the news to shareholders and the general public.
Up until now, the sequel was targeting a May 26 launch on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series, but now it has been delayed until November 19th, 2026, meaning next fall's biggest games suddenly have the biggest game of all time to compete with.
 GTA 6 is expected to be the biggest launch of any type of media ever in terms of money it brings in.
Previously, this honor was held by Grand Theft Auto 5, which launched 12 years ago and brought in a billion dollars in its first three days, and GTA 6 is expected to blow that out of the water by all estimates.
 GTA 6 reportedly began development way back in 2014 before getting officially announced as in development in February 2022.
It was then scheduled to be released in late 2025 before getting delayed to May 2026, and as of today, it is delayed until November 2026, so hopefully it doesn't get delayed any further.
The entire video game industry has been steering clear of GTA's May launch window, and a lot of publishers are probably scrambling to adjust their plans at this very moment to now steer clear of November.
 At the moment, the only big fall of 2026 that had a release window is Marvel's Wolverine, the PS5 exclusive from Spider-Man developer Insomniac Games.
It is unclear which end of fall Wolverine was aiming for, but even a mutant healing factor, an adamantium skeleton, isn't immune to getting crushed to death by Rockstar's long-awaited blockbusters.
So mark your calendars, everybody, and start thinking of good excuses to bail on Thanksgiving dinner with your family.
 Production is officially underway on the live-action adaptation of The Legend of Zelda games, and while there's still a whole lot we don't know, the filming location and a brief synopsis do give us a little more to go on.
A filing was posted by the Film and Television Industry Alliance that lists the project as in production, with Wellington, New Zealand listed as a shooting location.
 The New Zealand countryside is a popular backdrop for fantasy films, with The Lord of the Rings, Hobbit and Chronicles of Narnia movies all shooting on location there.
So assuming this refers to filming outdoors, Hyrule should look appropriately epic, though Wellington is also home to special effects house Weta and a whole lot of sound stages.
So it's also entirely possible this production is taking place behind closed doors.
 In any case, we also have our first official description of what this movie is about.
The synopsis reads as follows.
The Legend of Zelda follows Link, a young warrior destined to protect the magical kingdom of Hyrule from the forces of darkness.
The land is under threat from Ganon, a ruthless warlord who seeks the Triforce, an ancient relic said to grant limitless power.
To stop him, Link must embark on a perilous journey, battling monstrous creatures, exploring treacherous dungeons and solving intricate puzzles to uncover sacred artifacts that can aid him in his quest.
Also, this confirms that we're going to see puzzles and dungeons, which are two staples of Legend of Zelda games, but it's also kind of odd that there's no mention of Zelda herself, so curious how she comes into play.
Legend of Zelda is slated to hit theaters on May 7th, 2027, so we'll undoubtedly get plenty more details between now and then.
We'll keep you posted.
 And finally, it's taken Rockstar Games well over a decade to turn around the latest Grand Theft Auto sequel, so it might be a while until we get another Red Dead Redemption, but studio co-founder Dan Houser seems convinced it's inevitable.
Take all this with a grain of salt, since Houser doesn't actually work at Rockstar anymore.
 on the Lex Friedman podcast, he talked about how it feels to see a new GTA game being made without his involvement, saying, quote, letting go of something I worked on in one way or another for like 20 odd years and wrote on them for the last 10 or 11 that came out is a big change and sad in a way, because each of the Grand Theft Auto games was kind of a standalone
 story, I think it would probably be in some ways sadder if someone continued on Red Dead because it was a cohesive two-game arc.
That might be more sad to hear someone working on that, but again, that will probably happen too.
I don't own the IP, that was part of the deal.
It's a privilege to work on stuff, but you don't necessarily own it.
 Strauss Zelnick, the CEO of Rockstar's parent company Take-Two Interactive, has referred to GTA and Red Dead Redemption as prominent franchises, and Red Dead 2 is one of the best-selling video games ever made, so Hauser's probably correct, but again, it has taken Rockstar a cool minute to make GTA 6, so we might be waiting a while for Red Dead 3.
 Before we go, if you're looking for some great games for cheap that help support a good cause, head over to IGN's sister site, Humble.
Right now you can grab eight amazing games for just $14.99, including Total War, Warhammer 3, Another Crab's Treasure, No More Heroes 3, Etrian Odyssey HD, Pharaoh A New Age, Synergy, Spin Hero, and Paleo Pines.
 Every Purchase supports No Kid Hungry, a non-profit that provides meals to students in need across the U.S. Head to Humblebundle.com to find out more.
That is your fix for Thursday, November 6th, 2025.
As always, for all of your gaming and entertainment news, you are already in the right place.
IGN, have a good one, everybody.
I'll see you around.
 Wow, look at this!
A new Call of Duty game?
And its not set in the year 5 million AD?
No man, COD is returning to its roots, with boots on the ground combat, ditching all that futuristic crap thats been done to death.
 Man, with all the great COD games based in World War 2, and the advancements in technology since the last one, this will probably be the best World War 2 game in years.
Im excited as can be, so lets check it out!
Oh god, this is awesome!
Though I didnt realize it was gonna be about squirrels, thats kinda weird.
Oh wait, wrong game, hold up.
 There we go.
All right.
Let's check this out.
Oh my god.
What have they done?
What the fuck is this?
What what the fuck is that?
Oh Jesus So why is Call of Duty World War 2 so bad you might ask well, where do I even begin oh
 Well, let's just jump straight into the multiplayer and work our way up shit creek, shall we?
But before we can actually do that, let's talk about how to access the multiplayer.
Because for some reason, COD WWII copies Destiny's social space idea.
Probably so there's an excuse for players to watch others open supply drops.
 but also to unintuitively fuck with the multiplayer.
Alright, so for every COD game, you'd be at the main menu, click multiplayer, it'd take 5-10 seconds to load, bada bing bada boom, there you go, you're ready to play.
Now?
First it has to check your Xbox Live connection, then it has to fit your online profile.
On some occasions this can take a minute or two.
Then sometimes you get placed into a wait queue.
Alright, so that's pretty shitty.
Alright, let's open another one.
Uh, grip, calling card, bonus.
Man, another grip?
Hey, that one's no different from the last one.
Alright, here's another one.
Let's see what kind of stupid sh- Man, another grip?
Two of them?
Wait, what's the difference?
One grip's epic, one's common?
They look exactly the same.
 Alright, let's try this zombie pack.
It should be pretty cool, different stuff.
Let's see.
Christ, another grip!
You gotta be shitting me!
Alright, here's a rare supply drop.
XP boost.
Fucking grips again!
Are you serious?!
My fucking god, three grips that all look the same!
They're three different rarities!
What's the difference?
!
 I guess I'll watch my buddy open some of these.
Well, looks like he got two grips.
One of them called Strong Woman.
Again, they all look exactly the same.
Alright, he's opening another one.
God, another fucking grip?
He got a dupli- that's the grip he just got!
Are you sh- are you shitting me?
Yeah, so as you can see, it's- it's the worst thing in the world.
The best part about this is they've created a customization option that you can't even fucking look at because your dude is gonna be holding the gun all the time!
 Oh yeah, and having maybe unlocked 1% of all the crap in the supply drops, we're already getting duplicates.
Fan-fucking-tastic.
Just imagine, it's your job to think of what to put in these loot boxes.
You've done this 5 or 6 times already and you probably want to blow your brains out.
And you're doing this for a series that has milked the idea well completely dry.
 Now imagine being so lazy and uninspired, you cant actually think of new content, so you just recycle emotes with different text and call it something new.
Im not kidding, this wave emote is reused 8 times, the shoulder dusting emote is reused 5 times, and the one where he shakes his head is reused 5 times as well.
Lets take a step back for one second.
And they didn't.
The whole point of Nazi Zombies is to be a survival game where you carefully consider what doors to open, weapons to buy, when,
 But now, the game gives every player a Wonder Waffle just for progressing through the level.
Look at this!
Am I supposed to feel threatened?
Is this supposed to be difficult?
Why should I feel threatened when I got the best gun in the game for free and an infinite ammo powerup that has such a short cooldown?
And when you get downed, instead of being severely punished like you should be in a survival game,
 Nah, you get revived in time, you get all your shit back.
Theres even zombie packs that give you one-time power-ups like nukes, max ammo, and even something that automatically revives you?
I mean what the fuck is all of this?
The map is a convoluted mess.
As well as having almost no areas that you can hold out in, youre pretty much forced to play run and gun style.
Its just an unnecessarily complicated version of zombies with no soul.
But if you like that sort of thing, maybe youll enjoy it.
 I think it's trash.
Surprisingly, I think the best part about COD WW2 is the campaign.
This is where I had the most enjoyment.
Unfortunately, there's still so many problems.
Beyond this point, there will be spoilers so skip ahead to the time on screen if you don't want to hear them.
The intro boldly states, 60 million people died.
 But we aren't going to show you the perspectives where 80% of those losses took place.
It also tries to mimic the intros for the older Call of Duty games with this sort of retro visual style.
But this style is never seen throughout the rest of the campaign, so it seems out of place.
Now for a second, let's again go back to World at War.
 Right from the start, the player understands the style of the game as gritty, dark, and creepy.
In fact, the reason I like USS Texas is because you can actually jump on stuff.
It's the one level that isn't plagued by invisible fucking barriers on every piece of cover.
And it has some modicum of height advantage.
 You might also notice there's no large maps and only one medium sized.
That's because Ground War was replaced with War.
Sounds like a familiar move to create a new inferior big team battle mode that replaces the old one.
 Where have I seen or heard that before?
Just when you thought the maps couldn't get any more shit.
They offer so few options for movement and gameplay that they've already become tired.
Here's your typical choice.
Go left, go middle, or go right.
And there's little deviation from this formula.
Go left, go middle, go right.
Go left, go middle, go right.
Go left, middle, right.
Left, middle, right.
Left, middle, RIGHT!
 LEFT MIDDLE RIGHT GOD FUCKING DAMMIT DO SOMETHING CREATIVE!
But to showcase and prove that Call of Duty was actually good at one point in time, lets look at the last World War 2 game, World at War.
Alright so we got this map Airfield and already you can probably see theres a huge difference.
Mainly in the amount of ways I can move around, right?
I mean just look at how expansive it is, that isnt part of the background or anything, you can run along all those open paths.
 And just check this out.
Holy shit.
You can jump on that truck What a fucking revolution this game is you can you Wow, you can jump on this stuff.
No way.
Oh, what's that?
Oh, that's an explosive barrel.
Oh, oh check that out.
There's some cars right there.
I'm gonna fuck that up with a cocktail
 Yeah, I mean look at that.
You got stuff that explodes on the map.
That's unique.
It's interesting.
It's a dynamic.
I mean look at how open this map is.
 KABOOM!
 This game doesn't even have an announcer, so most of the time I didn't even notice we were getting power-ups because nobody was saying anything.
And another thing, when the mystery box disappears, there's no audio cue, so you don't know unless you're talking to your buddies.
What happened?
The characters you play as don't have any funny or memorable lines except for constantly fucking grunting all the time.
 Part of what made zombies great was they featured exaggerated stereotypes that would make you laugh in between gameplay.
You're a walking fucking cliche, Takeo!
Like a Russian communist who, when he doesn't have enough points to buy something, remarks, Why do we not share the points?
Or a German Nazi who really fucking enjoys killing zombies.
Yes!
Yes!
Explode!
 Your classic American tough guy swears a bunch.
There's just something so beautiful about blowing shit up.
And then the incredibly honorable Japanese samurai.
My weapon is low on honor.
I will soon need ammunition.
I mean it's great.
I love these characters.
I don't give two fucks about these nameless nobodies.
 Might as well just have them be the nameless soldiers in Nacht der Untoten, because at least that way we don't expect them to have character.
Im not restricted to a single path.
It feels like real tank warfare.
Another example, compare the first missions of both of these games.
 World at War, you're a POW in a Japanese camp.
Some shit goes down, you start the level, and what's this?
Different paths I can choose?
The enemies are spread out and I've got multiple routes and options to get through these encounters?
My point is to highlight the way Call of Duty games have changed their design for the worse.
 how what they've done in the past really could have helped them out here.
They were still linear, but always offered player freedom.
COD WWII's campaign is decent dumb fun, but won't warrant a second playthrough.
 To summarize, this game is a return to boots on the ground, but it's plagued by annoying technical problems, the most aggressive microtransaction system to date, piss poor map design, lackluster customization, an overcomplicated stupidly easy zombies mode, and a bunch of other shit.
While it does have a half-decent campaign, that doesn't give it much replay value and that's not why people buy into the series.
I'm just
 thoroughly unimpressed with this newest game.
It's gotten so boring so quickly that I've already hopped back to Battlefield 1.
You know, maybe that's just me.
Maybe I've just been playing Call of Duty for so long that it's just run its course for me.
Perhaps the formula just doesn't have the same appeal it used to.
Perhaps all the innovations and new ideas that could change Call of Duty are just things that they're not gonna try.
All good things pass in time, and maybe this once great series
 has simply lost its luster.
But what do you think?
What was your favorite or least favorite part of Call of Duty World War 2?
Like the video if you enjoyed it, and subscribe to the Act Man for more awesome content!
Alright everyone, that's all I got for today.
This is the Act Man signing out.
Peace!
 Hey, Vsauce.
Michael here.
And what if every single person on Earth jumped at the exact same time?
Could it cause an earthquake?
Or would we not even be able to tell?
Well, first things first, let's talk about the Earth's rotation.
The Earth spins.
It's why we have night and day.
And it spins quickly.
At the equator, the Earth is spinning at more than 1,000 miles per hour.
 Now, a spinning ice skater can speed up by moving mass closer to the center.
And the Earth is no different.
In fact, if you get down on the ground right now and move your mass closer to Earth's center, technically, you will speed up Earth's rotation, making this day shorter.
Now, the change that you would make to the Earth's rotation
 is way smaller than we could even measure.
But it is calculatable and the impact can be quite impressive when you talk about redistributing more mass than just one person.
For instance, last year the earthquake in Japan redistributed so much of Earth's mass towards the center that every day since then has been 1.8 microseconds shorter.
 But that was a giant geological event.
What can us humans do to the Earth all on our own?
I mean, there are more than 7 billion of us now.
What if we all got together in one place and jumped?
Well, what would that even look like?
Interestingly, if you took the entire human population of Earth and had them all live in one place with the same density that people live in in New York City, you could fit everyone, all of us, into the state of Texas.
 But that's living, not standing around in a crowd, which is how we would probably want to do the jump.
If every single person alive right now on Earth stood shoulder to shoulder, you could fit all of us into the city of Los Angeles.
It would be an incredible sight to behold.
But don't get too discouraged.
Our collective jump would contain a lot of energy.
The Straight Dope calculated that even if only the people who lived in China got together and jumped, their jump would be the equivalent of 500 tons of TNT.
 Of course, 500 tons of TNT doesn't do much to an Earth that weighs 6 sextillion 588 quintillion tons.
To make yourself feel more powerful, pick a card.
I've got 10 of them here.
Let's say you choose this one.
Boom.
Congratulations.
We have just decimated this deck of cards.
 Why?
Well, because technically decimate does not mean obliterate completely.
Dessa, 10.
It means to take away one-tenth of something.
So, the next time you take a quiz and don't do so well on it, you only get 10%?
Well, sure, that's an F. But, by getting 10% of them right, you decimated that quiz.
 And since we've been talking about crowds, let's talk about YouTube crowds.
YouTube audiences.
That view count that you see at the bottom of every video.
And get some perspective on it.
We'll begin with Dunbar's number.
It's an estimation of the maximum number of people we can have stable social relationships with at a given moment.
And it's based on the size of our neocortex.
These aren't just acquaintances.
These are people you have social contact with.
 a network where you know how everyone relates to everyone else.
And the number is usually given to be somewhere between 100 and 230.
Which means that when a YouTube video receives more than 230 views from different people, more people have seen that video than you could ever realistically hope to know well at a given moment.
A mere 500 square miles containing every single person on Earth.
Okay, so then we jump.
What happens?
Unfortunately,
 Not much.
I mean, we're all awesome people here on Earth, but our collective mass compared to the mass of the entire Earth?
It's like nothing.
In fact, dot physics calculated that if all of us were to get together in one location and all jump 30 centimeters into the air at the exact same time, we would push Earth away from us
 a tiny amount.
Earth would only move away from us about one hundredth of the width of a single hydrogen atom.
And here's another thing.
Because we are all jumping and then going back to where we started, Earth is just gonna move back to where it started.
So our big jump won't be able to change Earth's position in space, but come on, seven billion people all jumping together?
That's gotta be able to cause some sort of seismic activity, right?
 So let's say you have a lot of people all together in one place, and you have them all jump on 1, 2, 3.
Did you feel that?
Well, the BBC did this with 50,000 people and discovered that a kilometer and a half away, it only registered as a .6 on the Richter scale.
You would need 7 million times more people than even live on Earth right now to jump at once to recreate the earthquake that recently happened in Japan.
 Even though we're all awesome, compared to the size of the Earth, we're not much.
If a video has more than 100,000 views from different people, more people have seen that video than you will ever meet.
 in your life.
And by meet, I mean shake hands with, learn their name, talk to them for a bit.
I mean, think of it this way.
You and me, we are only statistically expected to live around 28,470 days.
So even if you were to meet someone, two, three people every day of your life, including when you were a baby, you still wouldn't meet as many people as have seen that YouTube video with a hundred thousand views.
But keep this in mind.
Even though you
 or even a large group of us can't do much to change Earth's location or rotation, we can affect it a little bit.
Newton's third law guarantees this.
If you weigh 150 pounds, the Earth is pulling you down with a force of 150 pounds, but you are also pulling up on the Earth
 with a force of 150 pounds.
If you fall three meters, the Earth has pulled you down three meters.
But you have also exerted a equal and opposite force on the Earth.
Of course, it's a lot bigger.
So if you fall three meters, you pull the Earth up about a billionth of the width of a proton.
Which ain't bad.
 So the next time you move your body, the next time you jump, Felicia, think about this.
You just affected the Earth as much as it affected you.
You've got that kind of power.
Speaking of power, you all should go check out Geek and Sundry, Felicia's new channel.
It's one of my new favorite things.
And, as always, thanks for watching.
 This is aerogel, the world's lightest, that is least dense solid.
This piece has a mass of just 1.22 grams.
That is only a few times the mass of the same volume of air, which kind of makes sense because it is 99.8% air.
In fact, some aerogels are so light that if you removed all the air from them, they would be less dense than air.
 I have long been fascinated by aerogel, so I actually flew out to Aerogel Technologies in Boston to find out why was aerogel invented?
How is it made?
Why is it such a good thermal insulator?
And what is it used for?
Okay, we are going to try an experiment to demonstrate the insulating power of aerogel.
So, over here we have two setups, one with a glass petri dish, and the other one with aerogel on top.
 Both are made of silica, but with very different physical structures.
We're going to see how long it takes to melt these chocolate bunnies with a Bunsen burner.
Now to have a look at this experiment, we have a FLIR T1020, which can see temperatures up to 2,000 degrees Celsius.
It's getting pretty hot.
Yeah, you can see that the glass is getting really hot already.
And after just a minute...
It's starting to smoke.
 Oh, okay.
It's definitely melting and smoking.
Oh yeah, here we go.
I would say that that's a phase change.
We've got a liquid chocolate situation.
We have some smoking bunny.
Over here, the bunny is actually sort of melting over, and look, it's sort of tilting to the side.
All right, I think we're gonna call that a melt.
 What is that?
Not only did the bunny melt quickly, the Petri dish cracked under the thermal expansion.
So now let's try the aerogel.
Pretty good though, considering how easy it is to melt chocolate.
Can I put my finger here?
Be careful.
It's not that it's hot, it's that it's brittle.
Right.
 But yeah, totally cool to touch, right?
It is just warm to the touch.
He made aerogels out of all sorts of things.
He made them out of eggs.
He made them out of rubber, out of nitrocellulose.
And included in there was silica.
Actually, right here on the table, I have some examples of some silica gels.
This is a wet silica gel.
It's kind of rubbery, so I can just carve out a piece.
It is 90...
 7% alcohol inside of its pores, and then the remaining 3% solid is amorphous silica.
Can I touch it?
Yeah, absolutely.
It's kind of rubbery, not that strong.
 So was I cracking it there, or was it already kind of cracked?
Yeah, you just... No, it's very easy to break, very crumbly.
The next step is to replace the alcohol in the gel with liquid carbon dioxide.
We're about to see liquid CO2.
Liquid CO2 has the advantage of being non-flammable, plus it's got a low critical temperature.
Open up, and...
I see it flooding in there.
Yeah, it's flooding in, there it goes.
Just another solvent.
You can clearly see it's just so much cooler on top.
 What temperature is it on the bottom?
We're at 600 right now.
600 degrees Celsius.
That's 1,250 Fahrenheit right now.
Notice where the bunny is melting.
It's melting right on that edge where the heat's like the flame is kind of crawling up and over.
Oh, bunny down.
Well, not a bad result.
Not a bad result at all.
I'm interested in tasting some of this chocolate here.
 Is it hot?
It's warm.
Warm.
And delicious.
Like fondue.
Mm-hmm.
That was great.
So if you think of a gel like Jell-O, it has a skeleton with nano-sized pores that gives it its rigidity, and then that's about 1% of the gel.
So the bet was this.
Could you remove the liquid from the jelly without affecting the solid structure?
I mean, if you just evaporate the liquid out, well, then the solid structure shrinks.
 because as you remove liquid molecules, they pull on each other and they pull on the solid structure around them, basically crumpling it from the inside.
Now Samuel Kistler solved this problem in two ways.
First, he realized you could replace one liquid with another inside the jelly just by washing it thoroughly.
So you could swap out, say, water for alcohol.
 And then, if you take the jelly and put it in a high-pressure vessel called an autoclave... By heating it to the high temperature and high pressure point called the critical point of the liquid, that liquid transformed into a semi-liquid, semi-gas called a supercritical fluid.
 At this point, there is no longer a distinction between liquid and gas.
Those molecules are no longer pulling on each other.
And so once you've depressurized the vessel, that solid skeleton, that 1% of the mass of the gel, is left behind intact, except for where there was liquid in the pores before is now gas.
And that solid skeleton, that nanoporous solid, is what we call aerogel.
Kistler published his findings in Nature in 1931.
 It is getting pretty hot, as you can see through the thermal camera.
But coming up on three minutes, there's still no sign of melted chocolate.
So we're going to pull out a thermocouple and just check the temperature underneath the bunny, like underneath the aerogel, and see what the flame temperature is.
You can kind of see that the parts of the bunny are getting hot, but it's not the bottom of the bunny.
It's all around the bunny.
Exactly.
That convective heat is moving up and around the aerogel.
So you can see the thing is getting red hot.
It was, I would say, kind of a spiritual experience the first time that I saw a supercritical fluid.
We'll get to do that here.
I love how much you're into these autoclaves.
I love aerogels.
To make a supercritical fluid, we can heat this with a hairdryer, actually.
 As we approach the critical point, the surface of the liquid becomes kind of blurry.
Weird, huh?
That is like weird waves in there.
Yeah.
I'll speed it up so you can watch the surface disappear altogether.
You're now looking at the supercritical fluid of CO2.
In this state, the CO2 can be vented without affecting the solid structure, and what you're left with is aerogel.
 If you look at aerogel on a light background, it's almost impossible to see because it is pretty transparent.
But if you look at it on a dark background, then you can see that it has a slight bluish color.
 And it's bluish for the same reason that the sky is blue.
Because all those tiny little nanoscale structures, they scatter the light according to Rayleigh scattering.
And the intensity of light scattered is proportional to 1 over wavelength to the power of 4, which means it scatters shorter wavelengths, like blue, much more than it scatters yellow or red.
And for that reason, aerogel looks opaque in the ultraviolet and transparent in the infrared.
 Now what do you think this would look like if I held it up to the blue sky?
What do you think we would see?
Would it look ultra blue?
 No, it looks yellow.
And that's because the air gel is actually scattering out that blue light, and so what passes through and makes it to our eyes is the longer wavelengths like the yellows and oranges.
It's basically the same effect as looking at a sunset.
 So how was aerogel invented?
Back in 1931, a guy named Professor Samuel Kistler had a bet with his colleague Charles Learned.
Now the bet revolved around jellies, like peanut butter and jelly jellies.
Now the thing about jellies is they are actually a combination of liquids and solids.
 I mean, they're mostly liquid, but it's embedded within this 3D solid structure.
 So the particles were traveling about six kilometers per second relative to the aerogel.
So when they hit the aerogel, because the aerogel is a very low density material, very, very porous material, the particles actually enter the aerogel.
And as they travel through the aerogel, they basically break apart the network that makes up the aerogel and they lose energy in the process and eventually come to a stop.
This is good for capturing particles because if a particle like that were to hit a solid surface, then it just stops
 you know, immediately and vaporizes.
So should we expect to see aerogel in our everyday lives anytime soon?
One of my running jokes is when they build skyscrapers in Antarctica, they'll use aerogel as thermal insulation.
 Why do you say that?
Well, because then they'll really care about just how thermal efficient it is, because it'd be so cold there.
Right.
So instead of having, you know, 10 feet of fiberglass insulation, you could have six inches or something of aerogel.
Scientists are currently working on reducing costs and increasing durability.
And that's true.
They do have some elastic.
OK. Yeah.
There we go.
So it is not hard to break.
 They've already made a lot of progress.
For example, original silica aerogel is hydrophilic.
There we go.
Now this is a hydrophilic aerogel.
So once we've done this, is that piece of aerogel ruined now?
Pretty much.
But there are ways to make it waterproof.
So if you want to see that and all the other next generation aerogels, then subscribe to the channel.
And this may be the start of an aerogel trilogy.
 What is the largest star in the universe?
And why is it that large?
And what are stars anyway?
Things that would like to be stars.
We begin our journey with Earth, not to learn anything, just to get a vague sense of scale.
 The smallest things that have some star-like properties are large gas giants or sub-brown dwarfs.
Like Jupiter, the most massive planet in the solar system.
11 times larger and 317 times more massive than Earth, and more or less made of the same stuff as our Sun.
Just much, much less of it.
 The transition towards stars begins with brown dwarfs, failed stars that are a huge disappointment to their mums.
They have between 13 and 90 times the mass of Jupiter.
So even if we took 90 Jupiters and threw them at each other, although fun to watch, it wouldn't be enough to create a star.
Interestingly, adding lots of mass to a brown dwarf doesn't make it much bigger, just its insides denser.
 This increases the pressure in the core enough to make certain nuclear fusion reactions happen slowly and the object glow a little.
So brown dwarfs are a sort of glowy gas giant that don't fit into any category very well.
But we want to talk about stars, not failed wannabe stars, so let's move on.
Main Sequence Stars
 Once large gas balls pass a certain mass threshold, their cores become hot and dense enough to ignite.
Hydrogen is fused to helium in their cores, releasing tremendous amounts of energy.
Stars that do that are called main-sequence stars.
The more massive a main-sequence star is, the hotter and brighter it burns, and the shorter its life is.
Entire generations of these blue stars die in the time it takes the Sun to orbit the galaxy once.
 So is this the formula?
The more massive, the larger the star?
The most massive star that we know is R136a1.
It has 315 solar masses and is nearly 9 million times brighter than the Sun.
And yet, despite its tremendous mass and power, it's barely 30 times the size of the Sun.
 The star is so extreme and barely held together by gravity that it loses 321,000 billion tons of material through its stellar wind every single second.
 Stars of this sort are extremely rare because they break the rules of star formation a tiny bit.
When supermassive stars are born, they burn extremely hot and bright, and this blows away any extra gas that could make them more massive.
So the mass limit for such a star is around 150 times the Sun.
 Stars like R13681 are probably formed through the merger of several high-mass stars in dense star-forming regions and burn their core hydrogen in only a few million years.
So this means they are rare and short-lived.
From here, the trick to going bigger isn't adding more mass.
To make the biggest stars, we have to kill them.
Red giants.
 When main sequence stars begin to exhaust the hydrogen in their core, it contracts, making it hotter and denser.
This leads to hotter and faster fusion, which pushes back against gravity and makes the outer layers swell in a giant phase.
And these stars become truly giant indeed.
 For example, Gakrux.
Only 30% more massive than the Sun, it has swollen to about 84 times its radius.
Because they are not very massive, they are small, not very hot, and shine pretty dimly.
They are the only stars in the main sequence that don't grow once they die, but sort of fizzle out,
 Red dwarfs are by far the most abundant type in the universe.
Because they burn their fuel very slowly, it lasts them up to 10 trillion years, a thousand times the current age of the universe.
For example, one of the closest stars to Earth is a red dwarf star, Barnard's star, but it shines too dimly to be seen without a telescope.
We made a whole video on red dwarfs if you want to learn more.
 The next stage are stars like our Sun.
To say the Sun dominates the solar system is not doing it justice, since it makes up 99.86% of all its mass.
It burns far hotter and brighter than red dwarfs, which reduces its lifetime to about 10 billion years.
The Sun is 7 times more massive than Barnard's star, but that makes it nearly 300 times brighter, with twice its surface temperature.
Let's go bigger.
 Small changes in mass produce enormous changes in a main sequence star's brightness.
 The brightest star in the night sky, Sirius, is two solar masses with a radius 1.7 times that of the Sun.
But its surface is nearly 10,000C, making it shine 25 times brighter.
Burning that hot reduces its total lifespan by 4 times to 2.5 billion years.
Stars close to 10 times the mass of our Sun have surface temperatures near 25,000C.
 Beta Centauri contains two of these massive stars, each shining with about 20,000 times the power of the Sun.
Still, when the Sun enters the last stage of its life, it will swell and become even bigger.
200 times its current radius.
In this final phase of its life, it will swallow the inner planets.
And if you think that's impressive, let's finally introduce the largest stars in the universe, Hypergiants.
 The hypergiants are the giant phase of the most massive stars in the universe.
They have an enormous surface area that can radiate an insane amount of light.
 Being so large, they're basically blowing themselves apart, as gravity at the surface is too weak to hold on to the hot mass, which is lifted away in powerful stellar winds.
Pistol Star is 25 solar masses, but 300 times the radius of the Sun, a blue hypergiant aptly named for its energetic blue starlight.
 It's hard to say exactly how long Pistol Star will live, but probably just a few million years.
Even larger than the blue hypergiants are the yellow hypergiants.
The most well-studied is Rho Cassiopeia, a star so bright it can be seen with the naked eye, although it's thousands of light-years from Earth.
 At 40 solar masses, this star is around 500 times the radius of the Sun, and 500,000 times brighter.
If the Earth were as close to Rho Cassiopeia as it is to the Sun, it'd be inside it, and you would be very dead.
 Yellow hypergiants are very rare though, only 15 are known.
This means they're likely just a short-lived intermediate state, as a star grows or shrinks between other phases of hypergiantness.
With red hypergiants, we reach the largest stars known to us, probably the largest stars even possible.
So, who's the winner of this insane contest?
Well, the truth is, we don't know.
 As we do more science and our instruments improve, whatever the largest star is will change.
The star that is currently thought to be among the largest we've found is Stephenson 218.
It was probably born as a main-sequence star a few tens of times the mass of the Sun and has likely lost about half its mass by now.
 While typical red hypergiants are 1,500 times the size of the Sun, the largest rough estimate places Stevenson 218 at 2,150 solar radii and shining with almost half a million times the power of the Sun.
By comparison, the Sun seems like a grain of dust.
 Our brains don't really have a way of grasping this kind of scale.
Even at light speed, it would take you 8.7 hours to travel around it once.
The fastest plane on Earth would take around 500 years.
Dropped on the Sun, it would fill Saturn's orbit.
 As it evolves, it will probably shed even more mass and shrink down into another, hotter hypergiant phase, accumulate heavy elements in its core, before finally exploding in a core-collapse supernova, giving its gas back to the galaxy.
This gas will then go on to form another generation of stars of all sizes, starting the cycle of birth and death again, to light up our universe.
 Let's make this journey again, but this time without the talking.
The universe is big.
There are many large things in it.
 If you want to play a bit more with size stuff, we have good news.
We've created our first app, Universe, in a nutshell, together with Tim Urban, the brain behind Wait But Why.
 You can seamlessly travel from the smallest things in existence, past the coronavirus, human cells, and dinosaurs, all the way to the largest stars and galaxies, and marvel at the whole observable universe.
You can learn more about each object, or simply enjoy the sheer scale of it all.
The app is inspired by the Scale of the Universe website by the Huang Twins that we spent a lot of time with when it came out years ago, and felt that it was finally time to create a wait-but-why and Kurzgesagt version.
 You can get it in your app store, there are no in-app purchases and no ads.
All future updates are included.
And since this is our first app, we'd love to hear your feedback so we can improve it over time.
If this sounds good to you, download the Universe in a Nutshell app now and leave us a 5-star review if you want to support it.
 Kurzgesagt and all the projects we do are mostly funded by viewers like you.
So if you like the app, we'll make more digital things in future.
Thank you for watching.
 You and nine other individuals have been captured by super intelligent alien overlords.
The aliens think humans look quite tasty, but their civilization forbids eating highly logical and cooperative beings.
 Unfortunately, they're not sure whether you qualify, so they decide to give you all a test.
Through its universal translator, the alien guarding you tells you the following.
You will be placed in a single file line, facing forward in size order, so that each of you can see everyone lined up ahead of you.
 you will not be able to look behind you or step out of line.
Each of you will have either a black or a white hat on your head assigned randomly, and I won't tell you how many of each color there are.
 When I say to begin, each of you must guess the color of your hat, starting with the person in the back and moving up the line.
And don't even try saying words other than black or white, or signaling some other way, like intonation or volume.
You'll all be eaten immediately.
If at least nine of you guess correctly, you'll all be spared.
You have five minutes to discuss and come up with a plan, and then I'll line you up, assign your hats, and we'll begin.
 can you think of a strategy guaranteed to save everyone?
Pause here if you want to figure it out for yourself.
Answer in 3 Answer in 2 Answer in 1 The key is that the person at the back of the line who can see everyone else's hats can use the words black or white to communicate some coded information.
So what meaning can be assigned to those words that will allow everyone else to deduce their hat colors?
 It can't be the total number of black or white hats.
There are more than two possible values.
But what does have two possible values is that number's parity, that is, whether it's odd or even.
So the solution is to agree that whoever goes first will, for example, say black if he sees an odd number of black hats, and white if he sees an even number of black hats.
 Let's see how it would play out if the hats were distributed like this.
The tallest captive sees three black hats in front of him, so he says black, telling everyone else he sees an odd number of black hats.
He gets his own hat color wrong, but that's okay, since you're collectively allowed to have one wrong answer.
 Prisoner 2 also sees an odd number of black hats, so she knows hers is white and answers correctly.
Prisoner 3 sees an even number of black hats, so he knows that his must be one of the black hats the first two prisoners saw.
Prisoner 4 hears that and knows that she should be looking for an even number of black hats since one was behind her.
But she only sees one, so she deduces that her hat is also black.
 Prisoners five through nine are each looking for an odd number of black hats, which they see, so they figure out that their hats are white.
Now it all comes down to you at the front of the line.
If the ninth prisoner saw an odd number of black hats, that can only mean one thing.
 You'll find that this strategy works for any possible arrangement of the hats.
The first prisoner has a 50% chance of giving a wrong answer about his own hat, but the parody information he conveys allows everyone else to guess theirs with absolute certainty.
Each begins by expecting to see an odd or even number of hats of the specified color.
 If what they count doesn't match, that means their own hat is that color.
And every time this happens, the next person in line will switch the parody they expect to see.
So that's it.
You're free to go.
It looks like these aliens will have to go hungry, or find some less logical organisms to abduct.
 OpenAI built a hide-and-seek game for their AI agents to play.
While we look at the exact rules here, I will note that the goal of the project was to pit two AI teams against each other, and hopefully, see some interesting emergent behaviors.
And, boy, did they do some crazy stuff.
The coolest part is that the two teams compete against each other, and whenever one team discovers a new strategy, the other one has to adapt.
 kind of like an arms race situation, and it also resembles generative adversarial networks a little.
And the results are magnificent, amusing, weird.
You'll see in a moment.
These agents learn from previous experiences, and to the surprise of no one, for the first few million rounds, we start out with pandemonium.
Everyone just running around aimlessly.
 Without proper strategy and semi-random movements, the seekers are favored and hence, win the majority of the games.
Nothing to see here.
 Then, over time, the hiders learned to lock out the seekers by blocking the doors off with these boxes, and started winning consistently.
I think the coolest part about this is that the map was deliberately designed by the OpenAI scientists in a way that the hiders can only succeed through collaboration.
They cannot win alone, and hence, they are forced to learn to work together.
Which they did, quite well.
 But then, something happened.
Did you notice this pointy, doorstop-shaped object?
Are you thinking what I am thinking?
Well, probably, and not only that, but about 10 million rounds later, the AI also discovered that it can be pushed near a wall and be used as a ramp, and, ta-da!
Got'em.
The seeker started winning more again.
 So, the ball is now back on the court of the hiders.
Can you defend this?
If so, how?
Well, these resourceful little critters learned that since there is a little time at the start of the game when the seekers are frozen, apparently, during this time, they cannot see them, so why not just sneak out, steal the ramp, and lock it away from them.
Absolutely incredible.
Look at those happy eyes as they are carrying that ramp.
 And, you think it all ends here?
No, no, no.
Not even close.
It gets weirder.
Much weirder.
When playing a different map, a seeker has noticed that it can use a ramp to climb on the top of a box, and, this happens.
 Do you think couchsurfing is cool?
Give me a break.
This is boxsurfing.
And, the scientists were quite surprised by this move, as this was one of the first cases where the Seeker AI seems to have broken the game.
What happens here is that the physics system is coded in a way that they are able to move around by exerting force on themselves, but, there is no additional check whether they are on the floor or not, because who in their right mind would think about that?
 As a result, something that shouldn't ever happen, does happen here.
After that, the seekers go, what?
What just happened?
 But don't despair, and at this point, I would also recommend that you hold on to your papers, because there was also a crazy case where a seeker also learned to abuse a similar physics issue and launch itself exactly onto the top of the hiders.
 Man, what a paper.
This system can be extended and modded for many other tasks too, so expect to see more of these fun experiments in the future.
We got to do this for a living, and we are even being paid for this.
I can't believe it.
 In this series, my mission is to showcase beautiful works that light a fire in people.
And this is, no doubt, one of those works.
Great idea, interesting, unexpected results, crisp presentation.
Bravo OpenAI.
Love it.
 So, did you enjoy this?
What do you think?
Make sure to leave a comment below.
Also, if you look at the paper, it contains comparisons to an earlier work we covered about intrinsic motivation, shows how to implement circular convolutions for the agents to detect their environment around them, and more.
 What a time to be alive!
 This video is sponsored by the YouTube-read sci-fi series Lifeline.
For ages, I've been wanting to make a video analyzing time travel in fiction.
Not the magical or physical mechanisms by which the time travel is supposedly achieved, but rather the different ways time travel can influence causality, and thus the plot, within the universe of each story.
Needless to say, there are spoilers ahead.
Let's start with Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card.
Time travel in this book is actually 100% realistic.
 The characters experience slower passage of time when they travel close to light speed, allowing just a few days or months to pass for those traveling, while years pass on earth or other planets.
It's traveling forward through time like we normally do, but at different rates.
 But this kind of time travel doesn't change the past, or allow characters to make different decisions than the ones they already did.
It's all one consistent historical trajectory.
The original Planet of the Apes film is similar, where astronauts experience extreme time dilation and then crash land on a strange planet ruled by apes that, major spoiler, turns out to just be Earth in the distant future.
But what about, like, time travel time travel?
Well, I would say there are two big distinguishing features between different types of time travel in fiction.
 The first is whether or not the time-traveller is there when history happens the first time around.
That is, is there a kind of self-consistency where, since time travel takes you to the past, when the past happened the first time, the time-travelling version of you was always there to begin with?
 act of time-traveling to the past change what happened and force the universe onto a different trajectory of history from the one you experienced prior to traveling.
And the second distinguishing feature is who has free will when somebody is time-traveling.
Like, whose actions are allowed to move history onto a different trajectory, and whose aren't.
One of the simplest time-travels is do-over time-travel.
It's essentially like playing a video game where you can start a level over with the foresight of what you did wrong the first time.
 For example, in Groundhog Day, Bill Murray's character relives the same day over and over again, and though he can make different choices each time, he always starts back at the exact same point, except with new memories of his previous choices.
That is, until he figures out the one exact set of choices that frees him from the loop.
 I consider Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol to be in this vein too, even though it may not seem like time travel.
But because Scrooge gets to visit the future of his current timeline, even though he has no ability to affect the timeline directly while visiting, he can still change his actions in the present based on what he learns, essentially getting a do-over.
The video game Braid is built on the idea of do-overs.
 where pretty much any time you can rewind a few seconds and try something different, though there are some things that are immune to going back in time and don't rewind, which is what makes the game interesting.
Braid also has another kind of time travel, where you go back to your past as a separate individual, and while the past version of you is there, it has no free will, it just does exactly what you did the first time around, while the time traveling you can change the course of history.
This is also how the video Clockblockers by the Corridor Digital YouTube channel works.
 And then there's time travel where the very act of going to the past or future creates a fully new trajectory of history, because time traveling you weren't there the first time around, and now you are.
This includes the typical anything-goes time travel movies like Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, Back to the Future, Star Trek First Contact, and so on, where you can kind of instantly jump back and forth to any point in time you want, potentially resulting in multiple versions of yourself.
 From a causality perspective, anything you do in the past, even just the act of going back in time, redirects the course of history onto a new timeline.
Even after correcting that major deviation, his interactions with his parents while he's in the past result in them being very different people when he returns to his present time.
 he accidentally caused history to progress in a slightly different direction.
The movie Looper is similar, but there's a little more circularity, because when you jump to the past, you cause history to branch onto a trajectory where, in the future, the younger you also goes back in time the same way you just did.
Both you and your past self still have enough free will to change that forward course of history, though, which results in weirdness, like you getting new memories when your past self does things you yourself didn't do,
 Or if they lose a body part, suddenly you'll lose it too, and find it immediately replaced by an old scar.
So changes to the present affect not just future timelines, but also future timelines that wrap back around to the present.
The indie film Primer is in the same vein, except that it takes the plot device of time travel to the extreme, with time travel within time travel within time travel.
 with time-traveling characters interacting with other time-traveling versions of themselves, bringing time machines with them to the past inside other time machines, and so on.
But beyond the complexity, there are two things that make Primer stand out.
First, time travel to the past isn't an instantaneous jump.
 but actually takes time.
To go back six hours, you sit in the time machine for what feels like six hours.
And time travel can't take you back to a time before a given time machine was initially activated, since, of course, the machine can only be taking you back in time inside it if it's turned on.
So the first time it was turned on is the farthest back in time you can go in a given machine.
There's a nice logic to it.
Which brings us to perhaps my all-time favorite of all fictional time travel  Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
 It's a kind of time travel where you instantly jump back in time and can interact with yourself, but it doesn't generate new timelines.
In Back to the Future, Marty's interference with his parents falling in love results in the timeline of history being redirected towards a version of the future where he doesn't exist, and so he starts to disappear from photos and real life.
I think I love this kind of time travel because it manages to be logically consistent.
 It's time travel to the past where you can't change the past, because the past already happened.
And there's only one timeline  the one in which time travelers arrive from the future, do stuff, and at some later date, leave to go to the past.
Logical consistency is a primary thing that you may have noticed I think lays the foundation for good time travel stories.
 Not because logical consistency is important in and of itself, but because most of the time, in order to care about the characters in a story, we have to believe that actions have consequences.
If everything is just a meaningless series of events, then we almost don't have a story.
So it's really helpful if there are rules by which the universe of the story functions, whatever those rules may be.
 Speaking of actions with consequences, I finally got the kick in the pants I needed to make this video from my friends at the Corridor Digital YouTube channel.
They've asked me to help promote their new YouTube Red original series, Lifeline, which, minor spoilers ahead, is a sci-fi action thriller with time travel in it.
What kind of time travel, you ask?
Essentially, if somebody dies in the future, that sends a message back to the present,
 which allows people to jump forward to just before the time the person dies, and change the trajectory of history from that point onwards, averting their death.
But, as you might imagine, things eventually go awry.
I highly recommend you check out the first episode of Lifeline, which you can do for free on the Corridor Digital channel, or by following the links on screen or in the description.
 And fun facts, I actually know the Corridor Guys from back before MinutePhysics existed, when I was doing special effects for the Freddie W YouTube channel.
We also all happened to grow up in neighboring towns in Minnesota and even competed against each other in high school sports, though we didn't know each other at the time.
But enough trivia, go check out Lifeline.
 punch you you want me to punch you are you okay so i am not sexually assaulting you i am not you you consent to this yes you fully am okay with this yes you will not use this clip against me later in three months later never or nine months later funny or six months later no no hey hey hey chat sees this bro ready
 If you did something that's actually wrong, right, and you do these skits of making fun of it after the fact or whatever, it's gonna be in bad taste.
I'm gonna give you a PR 101.
If you did something that's actually bad, not like some, oh dude, I threw a game of Overwatch or something like that.
If you're mocking everybody who felt discomfort against your behavior, because it's not just something you did.
 If it is something that actually affects somebody, if you belittle it later on, you're just kind of belittling the people that you affected in the first place.
And you might think you're fighting the system or the rules or the TOS or Twitch or whatever, but you're actually just being rude to the guys, the side guy.
And I think that's kind of annoying, man.
You don't have to do that.
49 months.
Pie chat.
Two times.
You get it?
Okay.
 Wait, can I say something?
Damn.
Wait, wait, wait, can I say something?
Damn.
Listen, can I say something?
Can I say something?
What?
He can't sign or can't sign because he's 16, so I'm not going to lie.
He'll call you a lawyer.
Motherfucker!
Yo!
Hey!
You can't do that shit!
Yo!
Actually, no, you can do that shit.
You can do whatever you want because in a court of law, you are a human being.
No.
You know what I mean?
You need a legal guardian to sign for him.
We got to do that shit now.
We really got to do that shit now.
We got to do that shit now, bro.
Because bitches get tight over anything these days.
 I don't think people will actually be a problem about it.
I think, I've always said this.
Um, so I think Her new clip or whatever this clip I mean There's you have to know it's in bad taste to do a joke like this to like
 It's not just in bad taste, it's mocking him, and it's going against everybody that's been like, oh dude, mention speak out, mention whatever.
He was probably already getting people that were saying, oh dude, what a pussy for speaking out or whatever.
Now she's like fucking validating everybody, everybody that's a bystander putting oil on the ground saying, oh dude, don't be a bitch ass or whatever.
And I feel like when you validate that, you inflame the dialogue 100%, you know what I'm saying?
You feel me?
 You said they're not wrong?
What do you mean they're not wrong?
Well, I think he's wrong.
I mean, dude, men exist too.
Men have feelings too.
Being assaulted is not chill.
 You assume that every guy wants it because it's something that you would want but a lot of scenarios You don't fucking want that shit dude.
Like it's just fucking annoying.
It's lame.
It's not right And yeah, I'm not gonna be up in arms.
Oh my god Cuz they fix everybody in in certain different ways, right?
But if somebody says it affects them in a certain way and they should respect that she's so
 So this stupid bitch gets unbanned and she immediately starts getting mad at me.
And she blames me for her getting banned.
Classic.
Classic.
And have you ever thought that maybe it's your fault that you got banned because of your own actions?
Have you ever thought that maybe you got banned because of what you did?
Like, oh, wow, I'm talking about it.
Yeah, really?
Well, there's been a lot of people I've talked about and they didn't get banned.
So what's the difference between them and you?
Hmm.
I wonder.
True.
 And I'll say one more thing and y'all know who this is bro that weird motherfucker that lives in a basement of his mom's house That'd be chatting about me all damn day long.
You are obsessed with me.
I think you in love with me.
No cap I I generally think you get no pussy and you in love with me bro like you gotta chill out It's been way too many cuz I've seen you bro like I
 Oh, I sent a message my brother I'll let it play out low-key upset.
I'm flattered, but you got a chill.
Okay heard you over drink water Okay, anyways, love you guys
 So what what like you low-key upset I'm flattered, but you gotta chill no cap heard you over drink water, too.
You gotta fix that I'm not gonna lie.
You're like 47 years old Okay, anyway, let me go Okay Interesting
 Did she try to like fucking, did she try to like, to like poor shame him when he has like, like 260 times her net worth?
I don't get it.
That is so out of touch.
The criticism of the content, which was basically that, maybe specifically in this political climate, like,
 White people shouldn't joke about genetic superiority.
Like that was kind of like the criticism, broadly speaking.
And since you are talking about this, I just wanted to give you an opportunity to talk about that specifically.
I think that when I have an issue that I want to speak about, people will hear.
Um...
So, yeah, I mean, I think... She clearly didn't get the message.
I mean, I'm not the Twitch police, what the fuck do I care?
I don't give a shit.
Twitch doesn't apply to standard... Because...
 at the end of the day like sexual assault is a crime and people that say that it's not sexual assault I don't know what you think sexual assault is or anything like that but I don't know what to tell you like as a person that's literally dealt with sexual assault previously it has taken a lot like a large total on my head I've dealt with something like this before and I didn't want to
 when I dealt with it originally I was working at a job and it was a gym and I told my boss about it and all he did was make jokes about it and I tried to talk about it a lot more and I didn't want to tell my parents and it did affect me a lot and this situation did bring back those memories and
 That day, I was alone, and I just didn't want to, like, I just sat there and thought to myself over and over again.
And even this morning, I did wake up.
I mean, I'm grateful for having friends and stuff like that.
 And they did reach out to me, just to make sure I'm okay.
It did take a lot out of me to sit down and talk about this.
Like, people that blame other streamers for not doing anything, they did do stuff.
I've had conversations with multiple other streamers, and they did.
I think this is an older clip, like a few days, a few weeks, or a week or so.
And also, imagine phrasing, guys...
 I don't want to be weird, but the way that she phrased that, right?
Oh.
Oh, why people can't make a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a
 you should disagree with all of it.
Then you should say, people should never do that.
Why people can't do this?
If you think about a fucking, let's say you play a video game, right?
Imagine how you feel, everybody has a bunch of spells, everybody has the same spells.
Oh, you don't get to do this, you whatever.
Well, dude, that alienating somebody and separating people was the problem initially of all these problems.
So why are you doing it again?
 Guys, having great genes doesn't mean, oh, wow, I'm white, I'm prouder.
That's not what it fucking means.
Great genes can be, wow, you have nice eyes.
Wow, you have a nice booty.
Wow, you have big ass tits.
Jesus, look at those massive melons.
I can't hold it.
That's crazy.
How, what, why does somebody say, oh,
 This person has great genes.
It must be about them being white.
Why is it automatically that?
It cannot be.
Oh, this could be.
It's about the big melons.
Yum, yum, yum, yum.
Why wouldn't it be about that?
Why wouldn't it be about that?
 How is it more of a skin color than all the other appeals?
People agree, people agree that Sydney Sweeney is conventionally attractive.
People like the way she looks, right?
She has a lot of features.
Bang, bang, bang, bang.
How many features does she got that people like it?
Maybe 14, 15 features people like, right?
Maybe she's got the eye shape, maybe like, blah, blah, right?
 Okay, chess is two, but you guys are fucking Coopers, okay?
Right?
Why is it that they hone in on the one thing?
No, when they spoke about genes, the thing you spawn in with, it's only about race and skin color.
Nothing else.
Dude.
Dude, that's crazy.
Really?
 And to portray that as a valid concern is a problem.
If I saw a hint that that's what they were trying to portray, I would be just like some of these guys and I would be fighting the good fight, whatever, right?
No, this is wrong, this is wrong.
 But I'm not seeing it here, and if you see it, it's because you portray the world like that, and you see the world, you're a weirdo.
If you see race everywhere, you're probably a racist.
Yes, maybe it's not racist against black people, right?
Some people say, oh, this is funny, whatever, but you're probably just racist.
When you see race everywhere, that's a you problem, not a they problem.
 I don't know if you know this, but some people call you a fascist.
Yeah, they do.
So I figure it's all right to call them a communist.
Yeah, they call me a lot worse than I call them.
A lot of people listening to this, myself included, that doesn't think that Kamala is a communist.
I believe you have to fight fire with fire.
Politics is a dirty game.
It is a dirty game.
It's certainly true.
How do you win at that game?
 They suffer from massive Trump derangement syndrome, TDS, and I don't know if it's curable from their standpoint.
 I think we would probably have a better world if everybody in Congress took some mushrooms, perhaps.
First of all, medical marijuana has been amazing.
It's been, I've had friends and I've had others and doctors telling me that it's been absolutely amazing.
The list of clients that went to the island has not been made public.
Yeah, it's very interesting, isn't it?
 The following is a conversation with Donald Trump on this The Lex Friedman Podcast.
They're getting smaller and smaller.
They're getting smaller.
Right?
I mean, people do respect you more when you have a big camera for some reason.
No, it's cool.
And about 20 guys that you pay a fortune to, right?
All right.
Okay.
 You said that you love winning, and you have won a lot in life, in real estate, in business, in TV, in politics.
So let me start with a mindset, a psychology question.
What drives you more, the love of winning or the hate of losing?
 Maybe equally, maybe both.
I don't like losing and I do like winning.
I've never thought of it as to which is more of a driving force.
You've been close with a lot of the greats in sport.
You think about Tiger Woods, Muhammad Ali.
 Well, there are ways.
Now, here's the problem.
If I tell you how, and I'd love to do it, but if I give you a plan, like I have a very exacting plan how to stop Ukraine and Russia, and I have a certain idea, maybe not a plan, but an idea for China.
 Because we do, we're in a lot of trouble.
They'll be in a lot of trouble, too.
But we're in a lot of trouble.
But I can't give you those plans, because if I give you those plans, I'm not gonna be able to use them.
They'll be very unsuccessful.
You know, part of it's surprise, right?
But they won't be able to help us much.
 So you have a plan of what to say to Putin when you take office.
No, I had a very good relationship with him and I had a good relationship with Zelensky too, but I had a very good relationship with Putin.
Tough topic, but important.
You said lost by a whisker.
I'm an independent.
I have a lot of friends who are independent, many of whom like your policies, like the fact that you're a deal maker, like the fact that you
 can end wars, but they are troubled by what happened in the 2020 election and statements about widespread fraud and this kind of stuff, fake election scheme.
What can you say to those independent voters to help them decide who to vote for?
I think the fraud was on the other side.
I think the election was a fraud and many people felt it was that and they wanted answers.
 And when you can't challenge an election, you have to be able to challenge it, otherwise it's gonna get worse, not better.
And there are lots of ways to solve this problem.
Go to paper ballots, do it the easy way.
But a lot of big people went to that island.
But fortunately, I was not one of them.
It's just very strange for a lot of people that the list of clients that went to the island has not been made public.
 Yeah, it's very interesting, isn't it?
Probably will be, by the way, probably.
So if you're able to, you'll be?
Yeah, I'd certainly take a look at it.
Now, Kennedy's interesting, because it's so many years ago.
They do that for danger, too, because it endangers certain people, et cetera, et cetera.
So Kennedy is very different from the Epstein thing.
But yeah, I'd be inclined to do the Epstein.
I'd have no problem with it.
 That's great to hear.
What gives you strength when you're getting attacked?
You're one of the most attacked people in the world.
I think you can't care that much.
I know people that care so much about everything, like what people are saying.
You can't care too much because you end up joking.
One of the tragic things about life is that it ends.
How often do you think about your death?
Are you afraid of it?
 I have a friend who's very, very successful, and he's in his 80s, mid-80s, and he asked me that exact same question.
I said, I turned it around, I said, well, what about you?
He said, I think about it every minute of every day.
 And then a week later, he called me to tell me something.
And he starts off the conversation by going, tick, tock, tick, tock.
This is a dark, this is a dark person, you know, in a sense, but it is what it is.
I mean, you know, if you're religious, you have, I think, a better feeling toward it.
You know, you're supposed to go to heaven, ideally not hell, but you're supposed to go to heaven if you're good.
 I think our country is missing a lot of religion.
 You posted recently about marijuana and that you're okay with it being legalized, but it has to be done safely.
Can you explain your policy there?
 or I just put out a paper.
And first of all, medical marijuana has been amazing.
I've had friends and I've had others and doctors telling me that it's been absolutely amazing, the medical marijuana.
And we put out a statement that we can live with the marijuana.
It's gotta be a certain age, gotta be a certain age to buy it.
It's gotta be done in a very,
 concerted lawful way.
And the way they're doing it in Florida, I think, is going to be actually good.
It's going to be very good.
But it's got to be done in a good way.
It's got to be done in a clean way.
You go into some of these places, like in New York, it's all, it smells all marijuana.
You can't, the way, you've got to have a system where there's control.
And I think the way they've done it in Florida is very good.
 Do you know anything about psychedelics?
So I'm not a drug guy, but I recently did ayahuasca.
And there's a lot of people that speak to sort of the health benefits and the spiritual benefits of these different psychedelics.
I think we would probably have a better world if everybody in Congress took some mushrooms perhaps.
Now I know you don't, you stay away from all of that stuff.
 I know also veterans use it for dealing with PTSD and all that kind of stuff.
So it's great and it's interesting that you're thinking about being more accepting of some of these drugs which don't just have a recreational purpose but a medical purpose, a treatment purpose.
So we put out a statement today.
We're gonna put out another one probably next week.
Millions of people.
I think the number is going to be a lot higher when you see this all at some point iron out.
I think the numbers are going to be, the death numbers are going to be a lot higher than people think.
 When you take a look at the destruction and the buildings coming down all over the place in Ukraine, I think those numbers are going to be a lot higher.
They lie about the numbers.
They try and keep them low.
They knock down a building that's two blocks long.
These are big buildings.
 They say one person was mildly injured.
No, no.
A lot of people were killed.
And there are people in those buildings, and they have no chance.
Once they start coming down, there's no chance.
So that's a war that absolutely has to get done.
And then you have Israel, and then you have a lot of other places that are talking war.
The world is a rough place right now.
And a lot of it's because of the fact that America has no leadership.
 And I believe that she'll be probably worse than Biden.
I watched the interview the other night.
I mean, it was just a softball interview.
So you would like to see her do more interviews, challenged more?
 I don't know.
I can't believe the whole thing is happening.
We had a man in there that should have never been in there.
They kept him in a basement.
They used COVID.
They cheated, but they used COVID to cheat.
They cheated without COVID too.
But you had somebody in there.
And now we have a woman that is not, I mean, she couldn't do an interview.
 This was a really soft interview.
This is an interview where they're giving her multiple choice questions, multiple guests.
I call it multiple guests.
And I don't think she did well.
I think she did very poorly.
How do you think you'll do in the debate coming up?
It's in a few days.
 So I've done a lot of debating, only as a politician.
I never debated.
My first debate was the Rosie O'Donnell debate, right?
 If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you.
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, but make allowance for their doubting too.
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, or being lied about don't deal in lies, or being hated don't give way to hating, and yet don't look too good nor talk too wise.
 If you can dream and not make dreams your master, if you can think and not make thoughts your aim, if you can meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two imposters just the same.
If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken, twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools, or watch the things you gave your life to broken and stoop and build them up with worn out tools.
 If you can make one heap of all your winnings and risk it on one turn of pitch and toss and lose and start again at your beginnings and never breathe a word about your loss.
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they're gone and so hold on when there's nothing in you except the will which says to them, hold on.
 If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, or walk with kings, nor lose the common touch.
If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you.
If all men count with you, but none too much.
If you can fill the unforgiving minute with 60 seconds worth of distance run, yours is the earth and everything that's in it.
And which is more, you'll be a man, my son.
 Thank you for listening, and see you next time.
 First things first, I'ma say all the words inside my head I'm fired up and tired of the way that things have been, oh The way that things have been, oh Second thing second, don't you tell me what you think that I can be I'm the one at the sale, I'm the one at the sale
 I was broken from a young age, taking my soak into the masses, writing my poems for the few that look at me, took to me, shook at me, feeling me, singing from heartache from the pain, taking my message from the veins, speaking my lesson from the brain, seeing the beauty through the
 Believer!
Believer!
Hey!
Let the bullets fly or let them rain My life, my love, my darling came from Hey!
You burn me up, you burn me up Believer!
Believer!
Third things third, send a prayer to the ones up above All the hate that you've heard has turned your spirit to a dove, oh
 Last is last by the grace of the fire and the flames You're the face of the future, the blood in my veins
 I want to stop.
We can't.
 Fever!
 Fill your eyes, they all over me, don't be shy Take control of me, get the vibe, it's gonna be lit tonight Baby girl, you carry ten ton of fatness, gimme some of that Thinks with the badness, look how she act Shape like a dead foot on a junk stat It's a good piece of mental's under the cap
 My girl, give you all the style that I have mastered I see what pain be good as for brand, give you the good loving that
 Move that body, let me see you just do it
 I wish I could pretend I didn't need ya But every touch is ooh-la-la-la It's true-la-la-la Ooh, I should be runnin' Ooh, you keep me comin' for ya Land in Miami The air was hot from summer rain Sweat drippin' off me Before I even knew how
 Sapphire moonlight We danced for hours in the same tequila sunrise Her body fit right in my hands, la-la-la It felt like oh, la-la-la, yeah I love it when you call me seorita
 Damn hard to leave ya But every touch is ooh la la la It's true la la la Ooh, I should be running Ooh, you keep me coming for ya Back to the hotel There's just some things that never change You say we're just friends But friends don't know the way you taste La la la Cause I know it's been a long time coming Don't you let me fall
 Only getting older, baby And I've been thinking about it lately Does it ever drive you crazy?
Just how fast the night changes Everything that you've ever dreamed of Disappearing when you wake up But there's nothing to be afraid of Even when the night
 You'll never change, me and you Going out tonight, changes into something red Her mother doesn't like that kind of dress Reminds her of the missing piece of innocence she lost
 And I've been thinking about it lately Does it ever drive you crazy Just how fast the night changes Everything that you ever dreamed of Disappearing when you wake up But there's nothing to be afraid of
 The club isn't the best place to find the lovers of the bar is where I grew up
 sat at the table doing shots, drippin' fast and then we talk slow.
Come over and start up a conversation with just me and trust me I'll give it a chance.
Now take my hand, stop and pan the man on the jukebox and then we start to dance and I'm singing like, girl you know I want your love.
Your love was handmade for somebody like me.
Come on now, follow my lead.
I may be crazy, don't mind me.
Say boy, let's not talk too much.
Grab on my waist and put that body
 Come and now follow my lead Come, come and now follow my lead I'm in love with the shape of you We push and pull like a magnet do Although my heart is falling too I'm in love with your body Last night you were in my room And now my bedsheets smell like you Everyday discovering something brand new I'm in love with your body I'm in love with your body
 In love with you
 No, I want your love Your love was handmade for somebody like me Come on now, follow my lead I may be crazy, don't mind me Say, boy, let's not talk too much Grab on my waist and put that body on me Come on now, follow my lead Come, come on now, follow my lead I'm in love with the shape of you We push and pull like a magnet do Although my heart is falling too
 I'm in love with your body Last night you were in my room Now my bedsheets smell like you Everyday discovering something brand new I'm in love with your body I'm in love with your body I'm in love with your body I'm in love with your body Everyday discovering something brand new
 I'm in love with the shape of you Come on, be my baby, come on
 I'm in love with the shape of you We push and pull like a magnetic Although my heart is falling too I'm in love with your body Last night you were in my room And on my bed she smelled like you Everything is covered in something brand new I'm in love with your body Come on baby, my baby, come on, come on baby I'm in love with your body Come on baby, my baby, come on, come on baby I'm in love with your body
 I'm in love with your body Every day discovering something brand new I'm in love with the shape of you When we came, we let the story begin We're going out on our first date You and me, you're thrifty, so go all you can eat Fill up your bag and I'll fill up the plate We talk for hours and hours about the sweet and the sour And how your family's doing okay And leaving, getting a taxi, kissing the backseat Tell the driver, make the radio play And I'm singing like, girl, you made it
 We both know my past speaks for itself If you don't think that we're right for each other Then please don't let history repeat itself
 It's always you If I'm ever gonna fall in love I know it's gonna be you It's you It's always you Met a lot of people but nobody feels like you So please don't
 Please don't break my heart Trust me, I've been broken before
 I do the same thing I told you that I never would I told you I'd change even when I knew I never could Know that I can't find nobody else as good as you I need you to stay
 I'll be fucked up if you can't be right, yeah I do the same thing I told you that I never would I told you I'd change even when I knew I never could Know that I can't find nobody else as good as you I need you to stay, need you to stay, yeah, yeah, yeah I do the same thing I told you that I never would I told you I'd change even when I knew I never could Know that I can't find nobody else as good as you I need you to stay, need you to stay, yeah, yeah, yeah When I'm away from you I miss your touch
 I just woke up from a dream where you and I had to say goodbye.
And I don't know what it all means.
But since I survived, I realized wherever you go, that's where I'll follow.
Nobody's promised tomorrow.
 But it was over and our time on earth was through I wanna hold you just for a while And die with a smile if the world was mine
 I need you to stay Lock me up and throw away the key He knows how to get the best out of me I'm no force for the world to see Trade my whole life just to be
 Tell nobody I control you I broke you just to own you They can't tell but I love you Cause you're loyal baby I love when you're submissive You love it when I break skin You feel pain without flinching So say it, kill it
 I'd be fucked up if you can't be right here I'd do the same thing I told you that I never would I told you I'd change even when I knew I never could Know that I can't find nobody else as good as you
 Get the best out of me I'm no force for the world to see Trade my whole life just to be Top of the world but I'm still not free This is a secret that I keep Until it's gone I can never find peace Waste my whole life just to be
 We don't gotta be alone now I don't gotta be the one now I just wanna be one of your girls tonight We don't gotta be alone now I don't gotta be the one now I just wanna be one of your girls tonight
 watching time slip through the sands in the hum of this cozy space i find a quiet gentle place just a moment to
 Can you turn paper into an actual sword?
Have you ever cut yourself with paper?
 Well, it hurts much more than steel cuts.
And one of the reasons it hurts so much is that the edge of a paper sheet, when zoomed in, isn't truly smooth.
It's a row of tiny sharp cellulose fibers that behave like microscopic saw blades, sharp enough to tear the skin.
And well, I want to make a sword out of it.
A paper sword with cellulose blades on the edge.
 There is just a problem.
The reason why paper almost never cuts is because it's floppy.
It just bends if you push it.
But I think I know how to fix that.
I mean, it's more like a wild guess.
I have no reason to believe it could work, but...
 I'm gonna try it.
My idea is to basically copy carbon fiber.
Carbon fiber doesn't always look like this.
The raw material is just floppy fabric, like paper sheets.
By itself it has no rigidity at all.
What makes it functional is the manufacturing process.
You soak the fabric into epoxy resin,
 stack the layers on top of each other under pressure, and after a few hours, all the fibers are locked in place in something like this, where the fibers are what give it all the stiffness and strength, and the resin keeps all the layers together.
And so, if I apply the same exact process to paper sheets, even though paper is not as tough as carbon fiber, would that be enough to make a katana out of it?
 I guess there is one way to find out.
So, the first step is to create a block of paper and resin that I can later carve into a katana.
But I gotta make sure I'm picking the right materials first.
Paper, for example, comes in different weights, measured in grams per square meter, or GSM.
A standard printer paper sheet is around 80 GSM, and I figure that might just
 melt, after getting soaked with resin.
So, for this sword, I get a much heavier and textured paper, that's about three times heavier than the standard one.
 I really hope it's not gonna snap.
In any case, to refine the geometry of these parts, and also give an edge to the blade, I'm gonna use a belt grinder.
I wouldn't wanna tell you that I still haven't figured out how to collect the dust when using this thing.
That's why I brought it outside and I'm basically making it snow with toxic paper and epoxy.
 So I'm not gonna tell you.
In any case, after a while I got the guard, the handle, and the blade of the paper katana.
And even though this is just a rough version of it, I believe it turned out pretty cool.
You can actually see the individual layers of paper in the blade.
Almost looks like Damascus paper.
In any case, the blade is also very light.
And I'm not sure if it's sharp, but it kinda has an edge on it.
Never thought I'd cut paper with paper, but I'll take it.
 There's just a problem, the sword flexes, like way too much, at least too much to be considered a sword and not a horse stick.
And even though I'm trying to make a paper sword, which doesn't make much sense by itself, I value your time a lot and want to at least make sure I'm trying to make it the right way.
 So I want to fix it.
Option one is to add a rigid spine to the blade, steel, aluminum or carbon fiber.
And it will probably be effective, but definitely not clean.
Option two is to remake the blade from scratch, just with a thicker spine.
And I'm going to go with option two.
So more sheets, more clamps, more weight, more bandsaw and more.
 snow, and here it is.
It still messes with my brain to think this thing is paper.
In any case, the new blade has a 12mm spine, which compared to the 7mm spine of the old one, is 5 times more rigid, and it pretty much solved the wobbling problem.
Now, since the increased thickness allowed me so, I've made the handle and the blade out of just one piece.
I'm sacrificing the handle guard this way, but I still believe it looks pretty cool.
It's for a limited time only, so go get it.
 All right, I'm done sanding.
This is so cool!
I've got the final version of the paper katana and the final version of the paper knife.
I kept the handle rough for a better grip and made the blade as smooth as possible to reduce the friction on the targets.
I really don't know how to describe this material.
It's kind of like wood but harder and it's even transparent if you look at the edges against the light.
 Also, the final thickness of the katana is about 10mm, which is not that far from the 6-8mm of real katanas, while the knife is much thinner, because I don't have the wobbling issues given the limited length.
And I also just realized something.
While I was filming all these cinematic shots, I think I cut myself, just rubbing the fingers on the blade of the sword.
So, is it?
 sharp.
In any case, I believe it can get sharper.
The very final step before the test is sharpening the edge with whetstones.
I don't know how thin paper fibers and resin can stretch before breaking, and I'm not even sure in what percentage the resin is contributing to the sharpness compared to the paper sheets, but I still applied the same method I would use for a steel knife, and now...
 It's finally time to find out how this thing works.
All right, let's test this.
I've got a few targets here, from very soft to tougher ones, ending up with ballistic gelatin and a ballistic dummy head.
Using a super slow motion camera, we should clearly see how the blade behaves and if it actually slices the targets.
And the first target is a banana.
 But I feel like I gotta manage your expectations a bit here.
A few days ago, this thing was a paper roll, so if I manage to slice a banana clean with it, that's already a victory to me.
Anyways, I'm gonna try first with a knife I just sharpened, to then compare its cut to the one of the paper sword.
Apparently the key here is to avoid dry areas, so I'm spreading the epoxy on both sides of the sheets.
 for each sheet and after about one hour the blade is ready to be clamped down.
Then I basically repeated the same process for the handle guard and the handle.
The fun part is that I have genuinely no idea if this is gonna actually work or just fall apart when I'm gonna remove the clamps.
All right I'm gonna remove the clamps.
The paper looks solid but I'm still kind of worried it's just stuck against the wood
 and it turns out the resin actually didn't stick to the plastic foil and the mixture of resin and paper really looks and feels like a solid part the handle guard turned out pretty good as well but the thing i'm most worried about is obviously the blade and i think
 I think it actually worked at this point I can cut out the shapes of the parts from the paper blocks and to do that first I'm sketching the outline of all the parts and then I'm gonna cut following the lines using a bandsaw this is also gonna be the final test to see if the paper resin mix actually worked if it didn't work something is definitely gonna crack now all right let's try it absolutely nothing cracked everything went well in this project so far which is great
 unusual, so I'm kind of expecting a catastrophic event later on.
In any case, here's the cropped handle guard.
On the cut, the composite of paper and resin kind of looks like wood, which makes sense, but compared to solid wood, this laminated paper epoxy mixture is denser, stiffer, and it should be more water stable and impact resistant.
When swinging a sword, aligning the edge to the direction of the swing is fundamental to get clean cuts, but it requires skills that I don't have.
If you don't do that, a steel sword would just bend a little bit, because steel is very tough, but paper and resin
 they are much less forgiving.
You can see in my swing the edge wasn't aligned at all and that's why the blade snapped.
So I fixed the katana to give it another chance.
I basically just remade the tip.
I guess now it became a paper machete.
And I'm gonna try to slice the pumpkin once again.
 This time my alignment was a bit better, but still not perfect.
But since the blade is shorter and tougher now, it basically came out without a scratch.
And so, I'm gonna try again.
And from this footage it gets pretty clear.
With a decent alignment, this paper blade doesn't perform bad at all.
After that, I quickly tried slicing a plastic bottle.
And it didn't work.
 But it didn't even work with a sharp knife until I hit the bottle lower where the water prevented the plastic to bend.
 So I don't really know how to consider the results for this one.
The good news is that the edge of the blade basically didn't get damaged.
Now, the last target before the dummy head is ballistic gelatin.
This material is very hard to slice with a normal blade, maybe because of the high friction the gelatin creates against smooth materials.
And that stands for the paper katana as well.
But what if you try to puncture it instead of slicing it?
 Well, I tried first with a steel knife and it kind of worked.
I almost lost a few fingers in the process.
But what about the paper knife?
And well, once again, this worked so much better than expected.
All right then, the final test for this paper blade is a ballistic dummy head.
There is a very, very high chance this blade is going to snap again, but I really want to see what happens.
So far, I'm pretty surprised by these things.
 All right.
 The sword left a long deep cut into the gelatin, and it even cracked the bone.
Also, I was expecting this blade to snap, but it just got chipped.
So, what do I think about this thing?
I think this is not a sword.
Not even close to a steel sword.
But, for being paper...
 I would say it's pretty impressive.
Right now, I'm working on something definitely more powerful than a paper sword, so subscribe if you want to see that.
And also, big thanks to War Thunder for supporting this project.
Use the link in description to receive a massive free bonus pack on PC and consoles.
 Thought I found a way Thought I found a way out But you never go away So I guess I gotta stay now Oh, I hope someday
 I can't fight my fear Isn't it lovely, all alone Heart made of glass, my mind of stone Tear me to pieces, skin to bone Hello, welcome home Walking out of town
 Looking for a better place Something's on my mind Always in my headspace But I know sometimes
 But I can't find what I need When I'm feeling alive outside I can't fight my fear Isn't it lovely, all alone Heart made of glass, my mind of stone Tear me to pieces, skin and bone
 
 Welcome home
 You know you love me
 Baby fix me And just shake me till you wake me from this bad dream I'm going down, down, down, down
 When I was 13, I had my first love.
There was nobody that compared to my baby and nobody came between us.
 She had me going crazy.
Oh, I was starstruck.
She woke me up daily.
Don't need no Starbucks.
She made my heart pound.
And skip a beat when I see her in the street and at school on the playground.
But I really want to see her on the weekend.
She knows she got me dazing.
Because she was so amazing.
And now my heart is breaking.
But I just keep on saying.
 I'm gone
 This is Konzi.
And he's the smartest ape in the world who can literally understand spoken English.
He even knows how to use a touchscreen, meaning I could teach Konzi to be the first ape to ever play Minecraft.
What's going on on your end?
 We are here.
We just arrived at the Bonobo Sanctuary.
How are you?
Good.
Hey, awesome.
Welcome.
After I met Jared, it was time to meet Konzi for the very first time.
We are ready when you are.
No way.
He's a bit iconic.
Oh my gosh.
I think he's saying water.
Chase.
 with water.
Chasing with water again.
Yeah, we need to do that.
That is incredible.
After seeing Konzi, Jared showed me this.
This is what we call the control room.
Konzi's touch screen.
So we set everything up for Konzi using the same controls from his research games.
All he has to do is tap the center to move forward and the sides to look around.
Alright, you ready Chris?
Yeah, I'm ready.
So we have the computers hooked up and everything?
Konzi, you ready for mine?
 And I'm plugging him in.
All right, he's good.
All right.
And before Konzi plays, we're actually going to use Opera GX, the sponsor of today's video, to give Konzi the best experience.
The first thing we can do is actually just limit the browser's RAM and CPU usage so that Konzi literally has no lag while gaming.
And just look at the difference between Chrome.
 Basically everything is customizable, even this Blockified mod which I personally use, not to mention all of these.
There's also shaders, tons of beautiful wallpapers, even Discord customization.
Oh, he's going for the cactus.
Oh, that's not good.
 She might actually go into the desert temple.
 No way!
Oh my gosh!
Oh my gosh!
Good job, Conz.
Respawn.
Respawn.
Respawn instant peanut.
 All right.
This is it.
This is where things get difficult, people.
There's a nether portal at the end of this cave.
If Konzi can make it to the end of the cave and light the portal, he'll go to the nether.
Here we go.
Yeah, buddy.
All right.
Break.
Yes, buddy.
He doesn't even have to think about it.
Yeah.
 Break.
Wonderful, Konz.
Turn right.
There we go.
Konz, you're crushing it.
Break.
Yes, Konz.
Go towards it, Konz.
Come on, Konz.
Let's do it.
I think he's just got to get it a few times.
Yeah, yeah.
He will.
Break.
Break.
Break.
Break.
Yay, Konz.
He's doing it.
He's like, cheer me on, cheer me on.
Oh my god.
Oh, I see he has two paths he can choose.
Break.
Good job, Konz.
 So yeah, we designed it so he can't go back.
Ah, okay.
Can you keep looking around?
Yeah.
So the only problem Kanzi really seemed to have in a cave was just getting stuck in corners.
Do you want me to help him?
He's like, yeah, help me.
Help me, Chris.
He knows where to go.
There we go.
He's gonna do it.
 Eventually, Konzi was navigating with almost no help.
Making it so far, he was nearing the end of the cave itself.
Is he about to make it?
Break.
Is he going to make it to the end of the cave?
That's the question.
Whoa, Kon!
Break.
 The first ape to ever cave in Minecraft.
You did a good job.
 Today's the day that we trick Tommy into thinking he's playing with a human, when in reality he's playing with a literal ape.
So I figured we'd just see how long it takes for Tommy to realize he's been playing with Konzi the entire time.
But if we manage to pull this off, then we've officially taught Konzi how to play Minecraft, and he moves on to the final trial.
Here we go, ladies and gentlemen.
 Hello.
Hello, Chris.
I'm so excited for you to see this.
I better blow my bloody socks off.
Are you at home right now?
I am not.
So we're going to run through a game together.
OK. Hey, Chris.
Oh, OK. My game's just a big tick.
 What's this, gold?
Wow, that's very fun.
Do I need to collect all of these?
Maybe try to stick back with me for a second.
What do you think of it so far?
Like, what do you think of this whole area?
This looks like normal old Minecraft.
You're just walking around weirdly.
Like really, so weirdly slowly.
 I wouldn't do that.
Let's go to this one over here.
Okay, I'll get it But there's a prolonged tick animation we have to sit through you have to enjoy what you just collect I know I'm enjoy Wow.
Okay.
I really got the iron ingot.
Let me go.
Enjoy this over here.
Wait, wait, wait Don't get it yet.
Did you get it?
Yeah, I got it.
Okay, let me get the next one What's going on on your end?
You know, I'm just playing the game in a really unique location.
I think I'm gonna have to take a break for one second.
Okay
 Kansei's like, no, that guy's stealing my food.
You know, everything's going to make sense and you're going to be so happy.
 Do you feel any satisfaction as a human playing this?
I just feel fine.
Why?
You keep asking weird questions, Christopher the Cow.
Does the viewer know what's happening right now?
Yeah, the viewer knows exactly what's happening.
Hi!
What the hell is going on?
I think we're gonna be back online, Tommy.
I think I just made it.
You're stuck here!
You built the universe, you built that weird cube thing, and now what's this?
 Tell me what's going on and maybe I can help you.
Are you like Minecraft but I'm held hostage?
No, no, no, no, no.
Have you got like a gun to your head, Chris?
Are we ready, Patrick?
Here we go, Tommy.
Can you see me?
I can see you, Chris.
Okay, that was maniacal.
What is that metal labyrinth?
If Tommy finds out, then Konzi just isn't ready for every biome.
Let's see which one he chooses.
Good job, Kanz!
Kanzi, you're getting close!
You're getting to the end!
 Oh?
Oh wait, oh wait!
Oh my god!
No way!
Oh no, it's going backwards!
It's going backwards!
Yeah, so we have it set up so it can't really go back in a lot of areas.
Konzi, you have to turn around!
Don't break the stick in frustration.
You caught that?
Yeah, we might need to turn him.
You gotta choose one of these paths!
Alright, here's a door.
Dab Ellie into the door.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Yes, Kanz.
This is a crazy map.
I love it.
Yes, buddy.
Oh, I hear the witch.
Everything has been leading up to this moment.
Kanzi, can you do this?
This is it, Jared.
 Luke here with the Outdoor Boys YouTube channel and welcome to Alaska.
Me and my boys are going to be dropped off by a float plane and camp here for the next three days.
We're going to be fishing for Dolly Varden, lake trout, Antarctic grayling, hiking, pack rafting, and exploring the homestead of Dick Preneke, the original bushcrafting YouTuber.
There's our plane.
 Well, guys, that's it.
We're all by ourselves.
He's not going to come and get us for three days.
Welcome to Twin Lakes.
We had to fly about an hour and a half in a float plane to get here, and this is very much remote Alaskan wilderness.
Weather forecast says it's going to be raining on and off, so I want to find a place to build my shelter.
All right, you guys like this spot, huh?
Let's drop it.
You guys think you can go grab the other stuff?
 He really fit these logs together tight.
He put them all together in 10 days.
It's pretty impressive.
Check it out, I got the snow machine tread doormat.
The park service maintains it with his original stuff still in here.
And there's a few things like old photos.
Oh yeah, yeah, look at that.
 You see how the middle two claws are further forward?
Well, that's for black bears.
For grizzly bears, they're all straight across in a line.
Oh, look at that.
There's his clothes.
That's the clothes he wore in his videos right there.
Oh, that is way cool.
In the video, we saw him make the hammer and that thing.
Look at that.
And there's his draw knife.
And that thing.
Oh, there's his pack board.
We got a wolverine.
Is that a raven?
Or an eagle, maybe.
Oh, you know, there's his snowshoes.
 Look at this cabinet.
It's all handmade.
Look at that.
The hinges are made out of a piece of a gas can.
That's so cool.
A little solar panel right there.
That's old.
Yeah, a little charger solar panel.
Yeah, that's way cool.
I had that book when I was a kid.
You can see the tar paper under the sod up there.
This is way cool.
Look at that.
 Hey, smile, Nathan.
Ah, hello.
Oh, hey there.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Doing just fine.
This is Russell.
He's the park ranger here.
So you look after the cabin here, right?
Absolutely.
We look after the cabin as National Park Rangers, try to keep the place safe.
Now, you live out here, right?
Yes, sir.
How long have you been living out here?
I've been out here for a little over a month, and I'm going to be out here till the end of September.
 When Dick Prineke was building his cabin, he was staying at his buddy Spike's cabin, which is nearby.
We got two bags of rice boiling in the pot, and I've got some vacuum sealed pork ribs from Tommy's wild boar that he shot in Hawaii.
We're going to heat this up in the pot, make barbecue sauce and stuff.
 I'm going to save the head on this dolly and use it as bait for a big lake trout.
Here Nadia, do you want some lunch?
I'm excited to try my fish.
Let's start with that.
 Oh, hold on.
Okay, he's on there.
You gotta go get him.
He's mad now.
That is a beautiful lake trout.
Nathan, you want a picture with that guy?
Yeah.
Right away.
See?
There we go, Nathan.
Congratulations.
Is that a lake trout?
Put him back in the water.
He is just barely 18 inches.
He's the same size as that grayling.
 Now, lay him down, but don't throw him.
Just let him and hold him until he's ready to swim off on his own.
OK?
There you go.
See, it's so cute when fish swim away.
Like this net.
This thing was $35, and it's worked really well.
 It's hot out here.
We need some more water.
 Here's your hot chocolate.
Alright, we're going to hard boil three eggs and then we're going to steam three eggs.
It's down here.
A little egg sandwich with the hard-boiled egg.
Oh my goodness, you eat like an anaconda.
 Ah, it looks like a laker.
Yeah, look at that.
Nice.
Kind of a small average size lake trout right there.
They get up to like 30, 40 pounds.
Well, we want to do a little exploring, so we're going to bust the rafts out.
 You just sit down into the sea.
Okay?
And then flip your legs.
How you doing Nathan?
You okay?
You doing okay back there?
You guys want to go see a cool cabin?
Yeah!
We're gonna go see Dick Pernickie's cabin.
 Alright, hop out and eat.
 I can hear a plane coming.
I think that might be our ride.
Do you have a good flight Jake?
No, I got motion sickness.
The rest of my family and some friends decided to fly out with the plane to meet us.
Might as well, it's a beautiful day.
Alright guys, make room for mom.
Off the pontoon, come on.
Oh yeah, there we go.
 Here's your ketchup.
One of us breaks it up.
Like I said, not nearly as pretty as this one, but still very well constructed.
Hey boys, look around.
Make sure you didn't forget anything.
We had a great time.
This is lovely.
The cabin's amazing.
 Did you guys have fun?
It was awesome!
It was so fun!
You got to see some beluga whales too, nice!
 What is up, everybody?
My name is Heath Adams, and I welcome you to this course called Linux for Ethical Hackers.
So in this course, we're going to be covering a lot of things.
We're really going to be going and hammering down on the terminal and the command line.
And if you've never learned Linux before, this is a really great start for you, especially if you're interested in becoming an ethical hacker or a penetration tester.
So enough of my face, let's go ahead and just dive right in.
 Alright, everyone, welcome to this course titled Linux for ethical hackers.
Before we get started, I'd like to do a little Who am I so my name is Heath Adams.
I also go by the cyber mentor.
I am a husband first a hacker, a military veteran, gamer, sports fan and animal dad.
 I am a former accountant turned security geek, so I've been in cybersecurity about three years now.
And before that, I was an accountant, hated it, picked that field for all the wrong reasons.
So once I went into IT and cybersecurity, I never looked back and I've never been happier.
 On the day to day, I am a senior security engineer.
I'm also a business owner at TCM security.
So before that, I was a senior penetration tester doing penetration testing and ethical hacking, I branched out and started my own business focusing on ethical hacking, training and student development.
So now I'm doing that full time, along with a job as a senior security engineer.
 Okay, so let's go ahead and talk about what we'll learn in this course.
So this course is going to be all hands-on.
Besides this little introduction here, you're not gonna see a lot of PowerPoint besides quick overview of what the course or the video that you're about to see has coming.
So 95% hands-on course, I will not kill you with PowerPoint, that's not my goal.
So instead, let's look at what happens.
So let's just call it out at 8080.
 And you can see here that I can go to this hello.txt and actually get the file.
I have information in real time whether or not that file was captured.
And overall, this is just a web server that's so easy to spin up, I can put it in the directory that I want it to.
So if I wanted to serve my desktop folder, I would navigate to desktop and then spin this Python module up.
I don't have to put everything into a var www folder, and it just makes life really, really simple.
 So just proof of concept, we can do a service Apache to stop.
And we can come back and make sure that that web server has been stopped by going here.
 refreshing.
Now you can see that it's gone, we can CD into something like downloads, we say LS, there's nothing in here.
So we can tab up a couple times, and just serve up port 80.
Now because you can see it's not in use anymore.
And come back here.
And
 refresh, you can see there's nothing in the directory listing, because there's nothing in the folder.
So this is just an easy way to spin up a web server.
I think it's much easier than Apache two, I'm showing you both because I like to give alternatives.
But using Python moving forward is a great, great feature.
My challenge to you is to look up how to spin up a FTP server with Python.
 So I won't get redundant here.
I do have future lessons and other courses that talk about this.
But if you want to challenge yourself to figure out how to spin up an FTP server, that's my challenge to you.
There's a module out there that you can download quite easily and spin up your own FTP server.
So let's go ahead and Ctrl C and we're going to close out of this.
So now if we ls, actually, let's just tab up, you can see that test.txt is now in there.
And I'm going to remove that here.
Okay, and now the last thing I want to show you is the locate feature.
So if we wanted to locate a file,
 Say I wanted to locate bash.
Let's see.
So we're looking for a file and we're going to get more specific along the way.
But if you type in locate, you can kind of look through a system to see if you can find it.
Now I'm looking for say, any type of bin bash or bin our bash, that's fine.
That's really what I wanted.
But it shows you everything with bash in it.
Now this might not work right away.
 you might need to do is update the database.
So you type in update DB, it updates everything for you.
And then you can use locate again.
So it has to build that database of the information that it's finding in order to locate what you're searching for.
So make sure that you use update DB sort of frequently.
Okay, so two more things I want to show you.
And then we'll close out this video and move on to the next one.
 So an important thing you want to do with your new account is we're using a default password, and that's not very secure.
So to change a password for our user, we can just type in PA SSW D. And now it's going to ask us for a new password.
So instead of using tour, we can use something else.
 going to type in the very secure password as my password for an example here.
But if you plan on using this machine, for future reference, you can type in a secure password and kind of keep it.
So lastly, I want to show you is something called man.
So man pages, man pages are your instructions for any command that you're running, most commands come with a man page.
So if we want to change directory backwards, we just type in two dots here.
And now we can say, Okay, where are we at?
So we're in a slash,
 So we're just in a home folder here, or just our generic slash folder, right?
So what we can do is, well, how do we know?
Can we go backwards from here?
Let's keep trying.
So we do pw again.
No, we can't.
This is our base folder, right?
So you have to think of this as the lowest you can go.
 So now how do we move around?
How do we know how to go forwards again?
Well, we don't know what's in our directories, right?
So we're sitting in this the slash folder.
And how do we look around?
So there's a command called LS that lists everything that's in the folder.
 So if we say LS, we kind of see this color coordinated here.
And the color coordination, it just depends on if it's a folder, if the folders read, right, you know, there's permission settings, which we're going to get into later.
But the majority of these here are folders.
Okay, well, we know we just came out of root.
So we can go back into root.
Now, how do we do that?
So we can say, change directory, root.
And
 And we can actually hit Tab to autocomplete.
I don't know if you caught that, but there's no R any folder besides root.
So at R, I can just hit Tab, and it should type it out for me.
Oh, I lied.
There is a run in here somewhere, but it's hidden.
We're going to cover that soon as well.
So RO, hit Tab, autocomplete, can change directory into root.
So let's LS in root and see what's in here.
 Okay, this is more like our home folder, right?
So we've got desktop documents, downloads, this is kind of what applies to the root user.
So let's say we want to look at LS, we can say man LS.
And
 then it's going to give us all this information here about LS.
So if you see it says LS is list directory contents.
Awesome.
And then it gives you what options we can do.
Well, we can do a dash A for all which you saw earlier.
And you can kind of scroll through here and just see exactly what it has to offer.
This one is a multiple choice exam, I do believe.
 So these are three certifications that you can look into if you're wanting to go down that route.
I would start with the PTS if you can, it's dirt cheap.
You know, if I have to make a recommendation just to make sure that you're you're really interested in this, if you know for sure, and you want to do that PTS PTP combo, this might be a good choice here.
 But other than that, I mean, the free resources, like I've got my channel, there's a ton of videos, the Zero to Hero course is like at least 20 to 30 hours of material.
Hack the Box, you'll spend a lot of time on.
There's plenty of write-ups.
If you just Google, like, honestly, if we go into here and we say, like Apocalypse here, if you say that and you Google that with write-up, you're going to find the write-up for this.
 you'll find a video for this or some kind of walkthrough, right?
So you just want to look through these and try to try it on your own and then go back and then watch the write up and see how you could have improved if you got through it, or where you can improve an enumeration or whatever is you need to, to get better to actually succeed the next time you try attacking these machines.
 So that is it.
You have reached the end of this course and the end of the bonus material.
If you need anything, I provided my contact info again in the beginning.
I'm at The Cyber Mentor on Twitter.
You can reach me on YouTube as well.
 And I really do thank you for joining me.
I look forward to seeing many of you take the next step from this Linux.
If you made it this far, you've already gotten through the beginner Linux.
And that's awesome.
I hope you take this next step.
And that you are intrigued by penetration testing because we need more people in the field.
So I look forward to seeing you guys and girls come through and and hopefully I'll work with some of you someday.
So until next time, my name is Heath Adams, and I thank you for joining me.
 The second that tech companies like Sony and Asus started putting liquid metal in their electronics, it was a matter of time before this happened.
Through some combination of an imperfect seal and maybe a little bit of user carelessness, some of the liquid metal in my Asus ROG Flow X13 laptop leaked out from under the cooler, which resulted in this.
 Man, I still want to try to resurrect it, but if I'm being honest, this thing is probably hooped.
See, regular thermal paste is intentionally so non-conductive that we were able to game on a PC that had its CPU socket literally filled with the stuff.
Liquid metal, on the other hand, well, it's highly conductive.
 It's metal, and it only takes the tiniest spill to bridge a couple of contacts, cause a short end, probably break your device.
Man, I really hope not.
This is like a current gen one with like a 4070 in it.
But nothing's over till it's over.
And this isn't over until we dig deeper and see if we can resurrect this machine.
 just like I'm going to resurrect this Segway to our sponsor.
 After my framework investment disclosure, the first thing I've got to do is come clean to you guys, because I have not exactly been careful with this machine.
I'm talking everything from holding it by the corners while I'm typing on it, tossing my commuter backpack around with the laptop in it, lttstore.com, and even while it's still warm, putting it vertically into my bag, which is perhaps the most dangerous thing I did.
But real talk,
 All right, for real this time.
Yeah, I mean, that kind of looks on there, right?
I was poking it with this.
It wasn't moving, so I think it's okay.
Okay, well, let's see if it works.
Good luck, everybody.
Good luck, everybody.
Ah, fudge, I got so absorbed in the adventure that I forgot to clean the cooler.
Dude, what an adventure this has been, whether we get a working laptop out of it or not.
 Yeah, the real laptop was the friends you made along the way.
Thanks, David.
Time to get my birth-aversary on.
Hell yeah!
Everybody, it's Justin's birthday.
Hey, happy birthday, Justin.
Oh, thank you.
The real birthday.
I mean, there's certain things that I don't really have to plug in just to find out if it's gonna work, like these Wi-Fi antennas, but I feel like if I'm putting it back together, I might as well swing for the fences, right?
Yeah, baby.
Is liquid metal good for you?
 Oh, dude, silver surfer.
Direct contact with liquid metal can be harmful.
And the severity depends on the specific type of metal.
Liquid mercury, okay, no.
Yeah, but what is it?
Yeah, you're fine.
As long as you don't ingest it.
Okay, let's get some PTM 7950.
 So we were looking it up, are your fingers feeling tingly yet?
No, but my brain is feeling pretty excited about my laptop working again.
Unlike the liquid metal we had on here before, it doesn't actually matter if we apply too much PTM 7950 because it is non-conductive.
And it is an ideal thermal paste for direct dye cooling like we're doing here.
I still can't believe that it knocked those components off the board.
 Yeah.
Does that mean that there's more?
Potentially.
But they didn't break right now.
Yep.
So they're not my problem.
Okay.
Batteries connected boys.
This is it.
It's showtime.
 I really want this to work.
I really like this laptop.
And now that I've gone and trashed on Asus's thermal compound, Sasha's probably not gonna send me another one.
So I guess good old fashioned isopropyl and elbow grease.
Alan recommends starting with a spatula or a scraper.
So we're gonna get up as much of this as we can using that before we start to wipe.
Step two, wipe up as much of the grease as possible with paper towel.
 I don't know how well this is going to work for in between some of the components on the board.
Oh God, there was a lot in that crack for this fan filter.
As soon as I started to wipe here, it spread out like nuts.
I think it's kind of a cool aesthetic.
 Yeah, thanks, Steven.
How much you think's under here?
Oh, not bad.
There's a bit here, here, here, here, and here.
These little balls here that are shortened out on stuff, these are bad balls.
He really recommends spatula-ing this before I... Because I feel like I've got kind of an opportunity here to kind of slide it all off of this thing.
I mean, if you want to say in front of the world that you think you know better than Slade.
 I'm just gonna... To be fair, the instructions you sent, it seems like they're for his hybrid product, right?
No, it should be fine.
You know what?
Here's what we're going to do.
We're going to pull this off and we're going to wipe that off.
Okay, good.
That wiped off super clean.
The bottom of this heat spreader though, ugh.
Oh man, we started out so tidy.
This has clearly devolved at this point.
 Okay, mostly clean.
Man, I'm like oscillating between extremely confident and zero confidence here.
Sounds like me in high school.
I found your problem, Asus.
You've got so much fricking liquid metal in here.
 Look at all of this.
Does more liquid metal result in better performance?
No, but it results in a more consistent application where you definitely won't have too little.
Can you see all that?
That's all the stuff that's not even on the die.
I understand why they would do it this way, because if you have too little liquid metal, it's obviously not gonna be able to do its job.
Okay, got a big chunk of it.
At what point would you just go, we're gonna dip it?
Basically, if you get off as much as you can and it's not enough.
 Yeah, you can do the dip.
But I'm going to try to get off as much as I can.
See, that little dot, it's contained now.
But once it melts, the way this stuff spreads out, man.
I'm actually finding the knife blade pretty good for removing chunks of it.
But isn't that dangerous for damaging the PCB?
I mean, what am I going to do, make it more dead?
 Oh, shoot.
What'd you do?
I was trying to peel liquid metal off of a little capacitor and I pulled it up.
Did I rip the pad off though?
Maybe not.
I think we can salvage this.
We got soldering tools.
Yeah, we got soldering tools.
Oh, yeah, I see.
I think the pad's intact.
Okay.
Well, if the pad's intact, we're fine.
 Oh, no.
Dude, I think the liquid metal is loosening the solder.
What?
That doesn't even make any sense.
What's the material of solder?
If it's lead-free, then it's usually tin and or silver.
This one right here was like flooded in liquid metal and just lifted right off.
Liquid metal can absorb into solder, making it brittle and causing components to detach from the board.
I knew I didn't push on it that hard.
Dude, we're using a knife.
 No, no, yeah, but I was using the knife as a delicate tool.
That's what my father's murderer said.
Are we going to try and attach components to the board?
I think we should try it.
Before we can reattach those components, however, I do want to get off as much of the liquid metal as we can.
So what we're going to do is use this hot air station at the lowest possible temperature and then use some solder wick to try to get up the last bit of it.
 And it just walks around.
Get over here, buddy.
It's not grabbing the solder wick.
You know what?
New method.
I'm using the solder wick as a brush.
This might be our best bet right now.
I can't wait for the 500 comments all detailing the better ways to do this.
 Oh yeah.
If you guys want it the better way, you wouldn't watch LTT though.
And I wish I could blow even harder, which normally would not be something you would want.
You can actually see a lot of the little pieces making their way to the edge here.
 Aren't we all a little careless sometimes?
I mean, this doesn't seem that bad, does it?
Stop it, no, leave it alone.
There's been no real damage to the chassis, so Asus has clearly built a pretty rugged machine, at least on the outside, but a sudden impact, especially while the machine is warm, may have contributed to jarring some of the liquid metal loose from the protective shim.
First, I'll just give you guys a bit of a tour of what I saw when I first opened it up.
 So I cracked it open and first noticed this.
The way it was spread out told me that there had been some force involved in the liquid metal coming loose.
I then continued to poke around inside, finding liquid metal on this heat spreader here, on the PCB here, and as far away as this screw in the corner of the machine here.
That one was scary.
That is very far for it to travel.
 The symptoms weren't actually exactly what I showed you guys at the beginning of the video.
It does power on, it just doesn't boot.
So I'm maybe a little bit hopeful, but not that hopeful.
Oops, I'm definitely doing these in the wrong order.
Oh, what is it gonna be, more dead?
I'm giving myself a 20% chance of this thing working again after today.
Oh my God.
 I thought like, oh, it's probably that time that I like really tossed my bag and it probably all came.
No, no, no.
This has been like seeping out boys.
So we can see why Asus chose to use it.
We need to be really careful about this because that pad is available on lttstore.com and we didn't want to oversell it.
We don't know for
 for sure, if on a higher end configuration of this laptop, you would get the same result.
Remember, this is not quite the same machine that we originally started with.
Maybe Asus has certain configurations where the liquid metal really does give a tangible benefit, but as far as it went here.
 No, it didn't.
And PTM7950 is supposed to improve ever so slightly over time, while lasting a very, very long time, which I couldn't necessarily say about my liquid metal situation.
So take all of this with a grain of salt, like you take our sponsor.
 Plod.
No time to take notes?
Terrible at multitasking?
Forget about trying to jot stuff down while you're holding a conversation thanks to Plod's Notepen.
Using GPT 4.1, Clod 3.7 Sonnet, and Gemini 2.5 Pro, the Notepen can listen into your conversations or meetings and generate structured summaries and highlight key points, all without you needing to pick up a pen or type a single word.
Take it around with you everywhere.
You can clip it on your shirt, wear it as a necklace, or
 let your imagination run wild and have it somewhere I'm not even thinking about.
Whatever works for you.
To start recording, simply give it a quick press and whatever it picks up can be easily referenced later thanks to their AI-enhanced search function.
And if you're worried about security, all of your data is secured and safeguarded by AWS, compliant with HIPAA and SOC 2 standards.
With over 112 supported languages and up to 20 hours of continuous recording, the Plod Notepen is definitely worth checking out.
 You can even save 20% by going through our link in the video description.
If you enjoyed this video and you just like the energy of me and David ripping things apart, how about the time we both upgraded our retro handhelds?
That was fun.
I have used it twice since then.
I use my Vita a lot until it fell off the roof of my car.
 Maybe you're wondering, why is it wearing that cool hat?
It's because the tech overlords are listening.
Now I can finally say, Google, schmoogle.
What are you gonna do, Google?
You're completely powerless now.
What's that?
Google owns YouTube?
 I would Google that, but I literally can't.
What are they going to do?
Censor this video?
Demonetize it?
Bury it under the algorithms of no one to find it?
You're completely powerless, Google.
You got nothing on me.
So the past couple weeks, I've completely de-Googled.
I don't use any of Google's so-called free services.
Except YouTube.
I literally can't escape.
It's surprisingly hot to wear a tinfoil hat.
I don't know if you guys knew this.
Well, you never wore a tinfoil hat before.
 Now, this all started because of privacy concerns.
Being tracked with literally everything I do just feels kind of odd.
Mainly because I wanted to also regain control over my software.
And not to be at mercy of what the tech overlords decide to do just one day.
 But most importantly, I don't want to pay 20 bucks a year for 100 gigabyte storage.
Not happening.
I realized since swapping to Linux, my life has just been going upwards.
I'm practically ascending next step.
But I realized there's always an open source alternative.
And a lot of times they're better.
They just don't have a billion dollar budget to market themselves.
 So I went down the de-google rabbit hole and I wanna share what I learned because by the end of this, once you know what I know, bro, you're gonna want one of these cool hats as well.
So let's go through the de-googlization.
I wanna be honest and share what I think you should absolutely change and maybe what was more hassle than worth.
 Number one, your search engine.
Change your search engine right now.
You can do it now while I keep yapping.
Just go to your browser settings, find the search default browser and change it to DuckDuckGo.
It's a search engine that doesn't track what you do.
So I set up a local language model called Mixtro.
Emphasis on local, which means it runs on my computer completely offline.
It's beautiful.
 Now I can search whatever I want.
And I can ask it dumb questions like, why is my left toe bigger than my right toe?
And no one knows about it.
Not Google, not AI overlords, not even you.
 Step 10.
How many steps are there?
And we have so much left.
PDFs, Google Docs, Calendar, Contacts.
I was honestly getting a little tired at this point to try and find an alternative to all of these, but that's when I discovered NextCloud.
 It's an open source self-host beast and it does all of this for you.
Maybe there are better singular alternatives, but the fact that I can get all of this baked in one was exactly what I needed and just one quick install and it was done.
I was completely out of Google and it felt amazing.
Finally, I'm free.
 From here on out is when I needed to tighten things up a little bit.
I actually bought a domain.
I know, I paid a subscription fee.
But it's worth it.
If you're self-hosting, it's actually worth it because you can get a domain for five bucks a year.
It means I can get better security features and I can put all these services in subdomains.
So like docs.mysubdomain.com and password.mysubdomain.com, like all these different things I made, I can access easily.
I don't have to type my IP address for each one.
 And I started to tighten down the security as well, especially because I was looking online and I'm like, I'm getting a lot of bots that are pinging me.
I don't like this.
Everything is locked in with the password already, but I added another layer of zero trust, so you can't access anything, unless you have another login.
I locked in my IP address with Tailscale.
Beautiful Tailscale, I could make a whole video.
 I had to fail to ban.
It was definitely worth spending some time locking things down.
And I think I found a good balance of it being secure, but also not like a huge hassle every time you want to access either.
And these are just to name a few.
Especially with security, I really like how they amped it up.
But the fact that I close an app on graphene and it closes the app.
 Crazy a lot of times on your phone if you think you've closed an app But in reality running in the background and still tracking whatever it is they want to graphene nuke that shit It's gone such a crazy concept right?
I'm the crazy one
 Number two, I control exactly what the app has access to.
You can use file or storage scopes, I think it's called.
And if I want to give an app access to a certain type of files, I pick which folder.
Not the entire device!
As it should be!
 Not some vague little pop-up going like, hey, do you want to give them access to this?
No.
Complete control.
Number three!
Whenever you install an app on Graphene, it asks you before installing it, hey, do you want to give this app access to your internet?
Because a lot of times the answer is, heck no!
 Not happening!
I realized I was trying desperately to find a keyboard that has Japanese, Swedish, and English.
I really like the Swift kind of typing, you know?
I just couldn't find an open source alternative, and I was like, what do I do?
And then I realized the alternative is Microsoft or Google, okay?
And I realized the keyboard that they offer is connected to the Internet.
Why?
 Why?
Imagine you bought a physical keyboard and it was secretly connected to the internet, sending big tech everything you typed.
We're not doing anything weird.
Just trust us, bro.
It's so messed up.
On Graphene, I still have the option, and if I want to take a Google app, I can starve it.
Put it in one of those.
I still don't like that I use a Google app, but no, actually, it's good.
Google is at my mercy for once.
Feels good.
Another feature that I think is kind of obvious and most people would appreciate
 But there was a fourth hidden feature on Graphene that I love.
That is not a feature, but for me it ended up being one.
But when I installed Yoplin,
 This is where things got weird.
Do not judge me here, okay?
This is... You can probably relate to this, actually.
Have you ever been so lazy that you try and find another intonative, but then that leads you on a road that was ten times more complicated than just not being lazy?
 The image that I was trying to install on my Pi was not compatible.
It was 86x64.
This is ARM-based structure.
It doesn't matter.
Not compatible.
I can just find another one.
But I thought, hey, why don't I just quickly install this on something that does run 86x64?
And I look around and I'm like, oh.
 Well, well, well, well.
My Steam Deck runs 86x64.
So you may be asking, Felix, did you use your portable handheld gaming console to host your note-taking app?
Yes, but it gets worse actually.
Steam runs Linux, beautiful.
It actually runs Arch, which is the distro I use on my desktop.
Match made in heaven.
 But, uh, I thought to myself, well, it's filled with all this, like, steam bloat.
I should probably uninstall Arch, so I can then install Arch.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
Don't ask.
And I did this, of course, just so I wouldn't have to find another image of my note-taking app.
 But anyway, it works.
At the end of the day, that's all that matters.
Now, I got my notes app running beautifully.
Number seven or eight.
It was time to say goodbye, Google Drive.
Goodbye, Jotaro.
20 bucks for 100 gig?
I don't think so.
I'm not gonna pay you to hold my data hostage forever.
Not happening.
What if I live for another 600 years?
It just works.
Boom.
Maybe you prefer everything you do online to be tracked and logged.
I don't know.
Maybe you're in that ballpark.
 I think just most people are either oblivious or lazy.
So I'm telling you now, don't be lazy.
Number two, you're browsing.
When I told you to change your default search engine, you did not just do that inside of Google Chrome, did you?
Say it ain't so.
There are way better browsers out there.
I use Firefox.
It's kind of B tier, but you can lock it down into S tier.
 A lot of people swear by Brave Browser, I never tried it.
My point is, this is super easy to change.
And, have you ever thought why browsers are free to begin with?
Why is Microsoft so... Why do they want you to use their browser so goddamn badly, you know?
Why do they all make it free-free?
Could it be because they track everything you do online and sell or trade your data?
What?!
What do you mean?
They don't make this out of the goodness in their heart?
If I host my own apps, there's none of that.
So now I got my own Homelab Abomination and I love it.
 I'm finally free from the tech overlords.
It was 100% worth it.
And look bro, I made you one too.
You've earned it.
Here you go, bro.
 This video is sponsored by Saily.
I am a huge fan of Saily, because it genuinely makes traveling for us so much easier.
This time when we were on our way to Savannah, Mindsay asked me about it, and we literally set it up on the flight, because it had internet.
For those of you who don't know, Saily is an eSIM app, which means electronic SIM.
So if you're traveling almost anywhere in the world, over 60 countries, you get access to internet through this app.
Mindsay just opened the app, picked the country, picked how much data she needed, and of course, used code PewDiePie, which gave her a 15% discount.
 And bada bing bada boom instant internet as soon as you land which is what I want the first thing I want when I land is internet I genuinely hate I hate standing in line when I land renting a Wi-Fi box How is that a good solution?
You just have to carry another thing when you're traveling that also have to worry about being charged
 Or if you opt to just buy a physical sim while you're there, you still have to go and actually find where to buy it, set it all up while you're there, and you have to worry about losing your original sim.
At least I do.
It's kind of important.
I don't like removing it.
Saily just solves all the problems.
It's an amazing service, and I highly recommend it.
You can use the QR code to download it, or use the code PEWDIEPIE at checkout for 15% discount.
If you're planning a trip anywhere, you can download it right away, set it up all now, and don't even have to think about it.
 You need internet when you travel, so I just love that it removes that stressful element to me.
 There's one feature in ChatGPT that most people aren't using, but I think is so important that I'm making an entire video on it.
I'm talking about projects.
People who watch this channel may already be using them, but not in all the ways I'm going to show you.
And if you're not using them already, this will completely transform your experience using ChatGPT.
And part of the reason I'm making this video now is because it used to be a paid only feature, but it's now available even on the free plan.
 First, a very basic explanation of what projects are.
For organization purposes, they're a folder where you can store multiple chats.
That is already actually very useful.
But beyond that, you can upload custom instructions for each project that will apply to every chat within it.
 You can also upload a knowledge base for it to work from, and that can be multiple files it will reference.
These combined can be used to enhance the chatting experience, to reduce hallucinations, or even set up to function like little mini automations.
You can even easily create mini apps to live inside these projects, too.
So we'll get to all that.
But first, let's go over how to set one up.
 So these are located over on the left panel, down underneath GPTs and above your chats.
Click new project and you can give it a name.
And these defaults here are actually very useful and common ways to use these.
Investing, homework, writing, health and travel.
I use a version of all of these myself.
Like I create a new project anytime I'm planning a trip.
It's a big help.
But for this first one, I'll choose writing because that's something I personally use a lot so I can show the resources I actually use.
 Also, I think a lot of people probably use ChatGPT for writing assistance in some form or another.
In particular, I'll use this for a YouTube script writing assistant.
And if you're just messing around in here, you'll probably never need to add to that again.
You'll probably never even use a full dollar of that unless you're trying to develop something or creating automations and agents.
I will show an alternative method to this in a few seconds as well.
That's completely free.
Once you have your account, click this dashboard.
This is a testing environment that has a lot of useful tools to play with.
But for this, we just need to stick to this chat tab.
 And right here is where I'll enter those simple instructions I have and I'll send that and it takes me to this screen.
Then in a few seconds, it loads a much longer version of that in this box called developer message.
And looking through this, you can see it's already expanded on and improved it.
It's a good idea to go through that and make sure that you want to keep everything it added and just delete what you don't.
 Then we can improve that even more by coming up to this button that says Optimize.
And then you have to click Optimize again down at the bottom.
Now it's going to reformat that again based on all the best practices of the current version of Chat GPT.
And what's really cool is it adds these notes about what changes it made and why.
Like right here, the reasoning behind this change, clear section headers such as role and objective, instructions, and output format.
So we're introduced to organize the content logically, improving readability, and enabling quick navigation.
 Then it added this step to help with planning.
Then it has all these notes about everything it changed here.
That's really helpful to know whether you should keep something or not, but also to learn how to prompt better.
And again, review and edit this, make sure it's doing everything you want it to.
Then you can copy the whole thing and paste it into the custom instructions of your project.
 Now, if you don't want to do it that way, one of the easiest alternatives is to come over to the Explore tab of Custom GPTs, then search for Custom Instructions.
And the one at the top was created by Skilleap AI, which is a part of Futurepedia.
That's the name of our course platform, where we have over 30 full courses on AI for business, marketing, and creativity.
And Saj also runs the Skilleap AI YouTube channel.
But he made that super easy to use to transform basic prompts into detailed custom instructions.
You can get one month free of the pro plan, which includes 10,000 operations per month if you use the link in the description.
And thank you to Make for sponsoring this video.
 Now back to these custom instructions.
Since I'm creating this project for writing, I already have custom instructions I've created and adapted over time for this.
With the role and objective, I mentioned to use my uploaded scripts as context for my style.
Then I also included instructions around tone and style.
Then a list of banned words and phrases that I never wanted to say.
 There's a lot of those that make ChatGPT's default writing style pretty annoying and obvious, so I listed them out and add to that whenever a new one comes up.
Like who actually says, here's the kicker.
But with these, it will understand my voice, my content, and be much more useful when I ask it to critique or draft something.
 These particular instructions I've developed over time, but there's a very simple way to help write these custom instructions for a lot of use cases.
I'll show how I could do it that way instead.
Basically, I'll write out a very rough version of what I want.
Some general things you'll want to include in this for any use case is things like the goal, context, response format, and tone, plus what's in the knowledge base and any specifics on how to use that.
 So in this case, I just have the role of YouTube script writer, a very simple description of the writing style, a quick explanation of what's in the knowledge base, and I mentioned that this is supposed to be a collaborative process.
That is very basic, so I want to beef that up.
So a really great tool for this, since we're using ChatGPT specifically, is by using their own prompt enhancer.
 This is trained on all of their documentation and up-to-date best prompting practices within ChatGPT.
And this can be used to enhance any types of prompts, not just these custom instructions.
So it's a very useful tool.
To get here, you'll go to platform.openai.com.
And if you've never used the OpenAI Playground, you'll need to set up your account.
It is connected to your ChatGPT account, but it goes through the API, so it's billed separately.
So you'll upload funds, then use them over time based on your usage.
So for most uses, you can combine multiple files into one.
I could have easily combined these scripts or even 10 or 20 scripts into one if I wanted.
And you don't need to load this up, only keep what is relevant.
But for some use cases, you might want a lot.
Those two scripts are what I need.
Then this knowledge base will always be here.
And as you chat and interact, your project only becomes more useful over time because of the context from your chats.
 Now, the second very important setting is up here under these three dots.
Edit project just lets you adjust the title, but we want this add instructions.
These are just like the custom instructions that apply at the account level in ChatGPT, but these ones only apply to a given project.
So this is so much better.
I've mentioned in previous videos that I stopped using custom instructions at the account level a long time ago.
That's because I ask about all sorts of topics and there's no instructions that I want to apply to every single chat.
 Instructions I want to apply to a health related topic won't apply to writing a YouTube script.
But in projects where it's a self-contained area for a specific topic, it works incredibly well and greatly improves the experience.
And this is where it gets far beyond just adjusting the way it responds.
You can even set up systems that are like mini automations.
Like I have one for script writing short form content.
I just type in a topic and it kicks off a flow where it comes back with hook ideas.
I just type a number to pick one.
Then it kicks off the next step.
 then we keep going like that, just super fast and easy, then it quickly ends up with a full script that I guided really simply.
That's a different style than the custom instructions I'm creating for this example.
I'll show that full process a little later in the video.
It's really cool to be able to set up little automated processes like that, but to create more in-depth automations and AI agents that really save you time and can complete entire processes autonomously, you'll need to use a larger platform's design for that.
You can call them in any chat with the at sign.
So you can build out this structure of a project, then have the consistency of a GPT.
Another tip to create a knowledge base can be to use the deep research feature in chat GPT.
 Like I say, I wanted some competitor analysis.
I need to beat out all these other AI YouTubers.
It usually asks a few follow-up questions.
I'm just going to keep this basic.
This is not something I'm actually using.
But if you've never used deep research before, it's a mini-agentic model within ChatGPT that goes off for around like 10 minutes.
And it will deeply research, find a bunch of different sources.
It will think some more, adjust its approach, find additional sources on top of that.
 Sometimes it'll find like a hundred different sources.
Then it will compile all of that research down into one mini literature review.
Now, normally I would go through and edit and verify things in here.
You know, it depends what you're using this for.
Obviously this one is a joke.
I'm friends with a lot of the people on this list, but that can streamline a lot of research.
Then you would just take this and add it into the knowledge base.
 We've barely scratched the surface of use cases here.
You can create projects and build in apps and automations for investing, budgeting, cooking, journaling, fitness, legal analysis, project management.
There really are so many different ways you can use projects.
Probably 80% of my chats are all within projects now.
 genuinely think this is one of the most useful features in chat GPT.
So hopefully that gives you a ton of different ideas for how you can use these and optimize some of your processes and make them faster or better, whether that's in life, business or creativity.
And if you want to go deeper on learning AI on Futurepedia, we have a full course platform with over a thousand lessons across 30 AI courses.
You'll find
 learning paths on chat GPT, prompt engineering, automation, custom GPTs, video generation, coding with AI, and a lot more.
It's all included in one subscription.
You can get a seven day free trial using the link in the description.
Or if you want to just do a full deep dive into every aspect of chat GPT that is fully up to date, check out this video right here.
 Fuck, I haven't started.
We laugh?
Give it a couple of seconds, BS.
Chat, chat!
Chat!
Chat, already laugh.
 Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Chat, does mic sound good?
Mic sound good?
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
I think mic a little bit loud.
It's a little bit.
It's a little bit.
Spin up the W's in the chat.
Spin up the W's in the chat, man.
Spam it up, spam it up, man.
 Spam of the W's in the chat, bro.
Let's go!
Today is the day.
Today is the day.
Oh, that's why?
Today is the day, man.
Oh, shoot, my stomach, chat.
 Spam of the W's in the chat, man.
Spam of the W's in the chat, man.
Yeah, give me two seconds.
Yeah, give me two seconds.
I just started.
Two seconds.
Let's go, bro.
Anyways, y'all, guess what, bro?
We about to go on a pitch, y'all.
We about to go on a pitch.
 Y'all probably wonder, like, yo, why this speed has a whole full kit on?
Chat, we about to go on the pitch, bro.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
 Pepe, let's go, Pepe.
Let's go, man.
Come on, bro.
Me and you, Ronaldo, okay?
I'm Ronaldo, you're Pepe.
Come on, chat.
Let's go.
Let's go.
 I got a profit.
Damn.
I know, bro.
Right here.
I got, I got, I got.
Aguero.
 You gonna record?
Here we go.
What?
Yeah, I go first, I go first.
I go first.
Come on, chat!
It's gonna be all right here!
Where can we watch the game, Marco?
We can watch the game.
Yeah.
I can take you to the prison.
Yeah, yeah.
Right here.
Where?
 Where can I watch that?
Oh, Ronaldo!
What's good, Ronaldo?
Long time no see since Brazil.
You good?
I miss you, man.
What's good, Gianni, man?
Yeah, man, I saw you yesterday.
Y'all good?
Bro.
Hey, if Messi scored this right here... Hey, if Messi scored this right here...
 Chat, if Messi scored it right here.
Yeah, I know.
Ain't no way.
Wait, he scored it?
Did he make that?
He didn't make it?
Chat, he didn't make that.
Word.
 You know the legend, the Italian legend, Roberto Baggio.
Italian legend, best player ever.
Oh, that's good.
Played in 1994 World Cup.
Yes.
In America, yeah.
I saw you yesterday, tomorrow.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's crazy.
 oh i gotta go back to brazil i need to go back to brazil and while i saw for two hours
 And how do you guys talk and understand each other?
Come on, Jamal.
You know what's crazy?
What?
If I hit him, he can't do nothing about it.
No, no, no, no, you're not going to hit him.
Come on, you got to use your own mouth, bro.
Not violent.
Come on, don't act like a Jamal.
Be a Jamal.
Hey.
What?
You a huge fan of mine?
 Why you got a Messi jersey on there?
Why you got a Messi jersey?
You don't like Ronaldo?
You don't know Ronaldo?
You don't know him?
Oh, so you're Argentinian.
That's why you a Messi fan.
Well, look.
 Go on YouTube, search up Kristen Ronaldo.
Search up him.
You gonna become a fan of him.
Trust me.
Chat, when she grows older, y'all, she gonna become a Ronaldo fan, y'all.
When she get older.
She gonna be like, oh yeah, he fire.
Five minutes in this game in, chat, five minutes.
 Luke, with the $10 donation speed, I am three seats down from where you are.
Luke DeStefano just said that.
I'mma yell out Luke.
Now Luke, Luke, if you're in a stream, say pizza out loud right now, Luke, if you're in a stream.
Luke, if you're in a stream, say pizza out loud right now.
Really?
 Say peace to Luke.
I don't hear him, y'all.
 No, we gotta run that back.
Only one game?
No, only one chance.
One chance.
One chance?
One chance, one chance.
That's it, we gotta run that back.
Sorry, man.
We gotta run that back.
That's it.
Wait, wait, where my ball at?
 I'm about to boot this shit.
Oh, a Messi fan got it.
Hey, Ronaldo better, bro.
Look at him, Tat.
He's trying so hard.
He's trying so hard, bro.
He don't chat.
He don't chat.
He don't understand, man.
 I sold it.
 Yeah, it gotta be a selfie, y'all.
It gotta be a selfie.
Hey, you got this?
I'm on the way out.
You need someone on the way out.
Yeah.
Where on tour at?
 Let's do it, y'all.
Do a selfie, do a selfie.
What's going on, man?
There's too many messages.
 Yo, speed, speed, speed.
I'm not going to be messy, y'all.
Relax.
Do we know your top line?
Do we know your top line?
Do we know your top line, y'all?
I'm about to meet him.
Yo, speed, speed, speed.
Yo, speed, speed.
Yo, speed, speed.
Yo, speed.
Yo, speed.
 Come on now, chat.
Come on now, chat.
Don't make me run, bro.
Stop playing, bro.
Light work.
Why are you making me run?
That was light work.
You ain't got me on film.
Wait, where's...
I made it.
Oh, no.
 Good night!
Bro!
Messi, give me my green apple, bro!
 The ocean is really, really deep.
Deeper, in fact, than most of us realize.
If you were to shave off all of the land from the tops of every continent and island in the world and fill up the ocean's deepest points with that land, then the entire Earth would be covered in an ocean two miles deep.
Three-fourths of our planet is already covered in water, though, and it goes a lot deeper than just two miles.
 Let's start with a sense of scale.
This dot right here is the size of an average human, this slightly larger dot is the size of an elephant, and this is the size of the largest ship ever built, the Noc Nebis.
With that in mind, let's start going underwater and see what we find out.
 The first milestone is at 40 meters below the surface, which is the maximum depth allowed for recreational scuba diving.
A little further down at 93 meters is where the wreck of the Lusitania was discovered, which is interesting because the Lusitania itself is 240 meters long, which means that it sank in water shallower than it is long, so if the ship was standing on its stern or bow, it would be sticking out of the water.
 Just slightly deeper than that at 100 meters is where diving can become seriously fatal if you're not careful because of decompression sickness.
But that didn't stop a man named Herbert Nitsch to accomplish the free diving world record at a depth of 214 meters.
This guy swam down to this level with just one single breath.
But a little further down at 332 meters we have the scuba diving world record which was accomplished by another man named Ahmed Gaber.
 If he had swam down another 111 meters, then he would have reached the height of the Empire State Building if it was submerged underwater.
And a little further than that, at 500 meters below the surface, we arrive at the maximum dive depth of blue whales, the largest creatures on the planet and also the limit of the U.S. Seawolf-class nuclear submarine.
 At 535 meters, we can witness the maximum dive depth of emperor penguins, and this is when we must bring up the intensity of water pressure.
At this level below the surface, the water pressure exerted on a person, or the penguins, would be roughly equivalent to a polar bear standing on a quarter.
So further down the depths, at 830 meters, would be the height of the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, the tallest building in the world.
 Once we hit 1,000 meters below the surface, we begin to enter the scary zone.
Light from the surface can no longer reach beyond this point, so the rest of the ocean below is shrouded in permanent darkness.
On top of that, the water pressure you would experience at this point would be about the same as if you were standing on the surface of the planet Venus, meaning that you would die very quickly.
You would also meet the giant squid at this sea level if the water pressure didn't already kill you.
 At 1,280 meters, we reach the maximum depth dived to by the leatherback sea turtle, and further down at 1,828 meters, we would reach the deepest part of the Grand Canyon where it to be underwater with us.
Down at 2,000 meters, we start to encounter some of the more terrifying sea creatures, like the ominously named black dragonfish, a carnivorous beast with a stomach that doesn't allow light to be emitted through it.
 meaning that since we're in total darkness underwater at this point, the only way you would ever see this thing is with a flashlight.
A little further down at 2,250 meters, we would reach the maximum depth dived to by both sperm whales and the very frightening colossal squid.
Sperm whales often have sucker marks and scars left on their bodies from battles with the colossal squid that likely take place at these incredible depths.
Down at these depths, you would be crushed immediately without any outside protection, but life still exists down here in various strange forms.
 At 6,500 meters, we reach the maximum depth that the DSV Alvin can dive to, a popular research submarine that helped to discover the Titanic.
Way further down, at 8,848 meters below the surface, and we have arrived at the height of Mount Everest, where it to be upside down and placed underwater.
And then, way further past even that, at 10,898 meters, we arrive at the depth reached by James Cameron in 2012 during the Deep Sea Challenger mission.
 The deepest point in the ocean yet reached by humans was back in 1960 though, when two men named Don Walsh and Jacques Piccard reached a depth of 10,916 meters using their Trieste submarine.
It took them five hours to descend through the ocean to this depth and they only stayed for 20 minutes before a window cracked and they began to resurface.
 Just a bit further down from there, at 10,972 meters, and we reach the average flight altitude of a commercial airliner.
So if you've ever looked out of a window while on a flight and looked down to the ground, that's a very good sense of how incredibly deep down into the abyss that we are currently at.
Finally, when we hit 10,994 meters, we have hit the bottom of the known ocean called the Challenger Deep, right here on this map just about 300 kilometers southwest of Guam Island.
 However, it is believed that there are almost certainly even deeper parts of the ocean than this that just haven't been discovered yet.
It wasn't until 1997, after all, that the Serena Deep was discovered with a depth of 10,732 meters, making it the second deepest known point in the ocean.
 It is estimated that only about 5% of the ocean's floor has been accurately mapped, leaving the other 95% to be currently a mystery.
 Top of the mornin' to ya laddies!
My name is Jacksepticeye and welcome to a game called Muddy Heights.
Now, I know what you're thinking.
Jack, this is just another one of those stupid games.
And yes, you'd be right.
Sometimes the stupid games are the best games.
I love these kind of games.
They're so damn silly.
But this is a game where you can see the storyboards here.
The guy had a grumpy stomach, he needed to take a poop, he couldn't get into his house, the handle broke, and now he has to go take a poop from the top of the roof.
Which is hilarious.
Look at the art style of it.
Look at his face.
 I need to shit!
So the objective of the game is to shit on people from the rooftop.
If that doesn't make you laugh, nothing will.
You have no soul.
Okay, so let's let's take a poop.
We gotta aim properly, and I love how the music is like, like really Japanese-y sounding.
Go poop!
Yes!
So I can control the poop in midair.
 Yeah, that's right slip of my shit I Don't know this game was up on gamejolt.
It's one of the featured games on there right now, so I decided let's take a look at it There's some other funny ones there as well, but how can you say no to a game about killing people with poop?
Okay, so we got a lot of money now.
What did you eat?
We have 985 money we could buy anything hmm
 What should we buy?
Is that a burrito?
Candy floss?
Uh, or cotton candy as you call it over there.
Burger?
Chili!
Makes your poop's first impact larger.
Eww!
Makes your poop greasy.
 I don't want greasy poop!
Right, so we're gonna buy some corn, because corn makes your poop get more money and a bigger score.
Let's go poop!
Oh crap!
I didn't see- I almost hit a bird with that!
Die everybody!
The turd wizards.
Run from the poop!
 Look at all the signs.
The signs all say poop as well.
Showing now in a cinema near you.
Poop!
Oh, we can just buy everything.
Okay, so there's secrets.
Dump the dump.
Look at the guy down there!
 You gotta commend this guy.
I mean, he's shitting through his pants.
He didn't even take off his pants.
He's just sitting at the top of the roof, and then all of a sudden it's...
He just launches it.
Oh crap.
I can't get that.
Oh, noodles or something.
Is everybody dead?
Come on, bus!
Come on, bus!
No.
 This is by far the silliest game I've played and I played a game where I am a slice of bread Trying to become toast another reason.
I like playing these games as well because you guys don't have to buy them I can just leave a link in the description you guys go off and play them all you want I see something in an alleyway up there.
I think that's where the dumpster is yes No
 Crap, my poop is too powerful!
We won't go full poop.
We'll go half, kind of half poop.
Oh, did you hear like the sound of the fart?
Get it in, get it in, get it in!
No!
I can't be that hurt, this is like Turbo Dismount as well.
Come on, come on, come on!
 Oh!
Nothing but dumpster!
Michael Jordan, eat your face out!
Okay, what do we have left?
Brown fruits, cock-a-doodle-poo.
I have to hit a bird, I have to hit the fruit.
I don't know what torrential turd is.
 I do know what torrential turd is.
I see you fire hydrant.
I'm coming for you.
I'm- Ah, I just missed it!
Come on, back it up, back it up, get it again, get it again!
Dammit!
Ah, the sound of it!
Ah, crap, I missed it again.
Come on, come on, go back, go back.
Hit the fire hydrant, hit the fire hydrant!
My poop is alive!
With the sound of music!
Ah, that wasn't good.
Oh, it is!
My poop flies!
I hit it!
 That's not torrential poop!
If that's not torrential poop, then what the hell is?
I'm gonna try and land in this bin.
Everyone's running already!
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
The poop!
Oh, I did get torrential turd!
What the hell?
This is like that episode of South Park where Randy has the big giant poop Go poop
 Oh, yes!
Kill everybody!
Oh!
I got a sign!
Almost!
That was shit!
Literally!
Slip!
You idiots!
I like this music!
It's nice!
 I know a lot of people don't like these kind of games.
People want to see me do like the bigger budget games like Far Cry 4 and stuff, but as you guys know, I love doing a huge variety of games.
Silly, serious, big-budget, low-budget, indie, flash, anything ever.
I just love doing it.
And sometimes these kind of games get the best out of me because, you know, sometimes you're not feeling the best and you need greasy poops to make you feel better.
So, make your poop lighter.
No, make your poop greasy.
 We'll go for the greasy poop, and we'll make chili poop.
Chili con poop.
Um, let's try to hit a bus or something this time.
Here, bus.
I see a bus.
BLEH!
Did I do anything?
I don't think I did anything.
Okay.
Oh my god!
Can you say that you spent your day making a car crash with your shit?
I don't think any of us could ever say that.
I just killed people with a car with poop.
 What's the incentive of buying other things?
Like, what's the point of having money if I already have all the things?
Uh, torrential turd, cock-a-doodle-poo.
 We'll aim for the manhole.
Let's see if anything happens if you hit the manhole.
Sewer, sewer.
Yes!
That's flushed!
Woo!
Hey, crash!
Good lord, my poo bounces everywhere now!
Did I?
Yes!
I just killed everybody!
Holy crap!
Literally!
That guy's just not accepting his fate.
No!
 No!
So much poop!
Okay, should we try it?
Browned fruits.
I know where the fruits are.
Dump the dump.
Maybe there's like a dump truck going around.
Um, there's also in the mouth.
 Should I try and get in the mouth?
I don't really know how I do that because nobody's like looking up with their mouth open.
I can try and hit a bird at some stage as well.
Into the mouth!
Go!
Hit somebody in the face.
Hit somebody in the face.
Somebody- ah shit!
Literally!
Oh my god!
The poo is alive!
Run!
 I don't think I got any things for that.
I wish I could like make it explode or something.
Like there's something else you could do once you're on the ground.
This reminds me of Pain.
You remember that game that I played for the PS3?
It's like pain mixed with poop.
I got window cleaner.
I don't even know what ones I have.
Torrential turd, cock-a-doodle-poo.
 Where's their chicken?
Oh, maybe it's hitting the birds.
Sketchy cock-a-doodle-poo.
Okay, we're trying to hit a bird.
Where are these birds?
Come on, bird.
Get the bird, get the bird, get the bird.
Fuck!
Fuck it!
Die, everybody!
Taste my shit!
Oh my god, ew, ew, ew, ew.
Is that it?
It sucks when you get caught in the middle of people.
Oh my god, my score.
Oh, I did get in the mouth.
 I don't know how.
We go for brown fruits now.
The fruits are across the street.
Go poop of destiny!
That's not brown fruits.
No, no, you're not allowed.
You're not allowed.
Bounce again.
Bounce into them.
No!
Oh shit.
Okay, start again.
Did we get it?
No.
Are you ready for the poop?
Look out below!
Okay, we gotta bounce and then bounce into the fruit.
Oh, we got a nice bounce going.
 You sack of shit!
No!
What did you guys do?
That wasn't the thing!
 What's cock-a-doodle-poop then?
Okay, into the fruit.
Into the fruit we go.
Into the fruit we go!
Here we go.
Here we go.
We're gonna get a nice bounce.
Into it!
Into it!
Into the fruit!
Yeah!
We did it!
Run from the poop!
Cock-a-doodle-poo, it has to be hitting the bird.
I don't see any other way.
Okay, maybe we should- maybe we just didn't hit the bird properly.
Maybe we have to hit him in the face or something, but this is like Mr. Hankey's dream game.
 Yes die you fucking bird They kill everything have you ever had poo so powerful you kill a bird out of the sky you have
 Everybody, round of applause for that guy.
Fucking amazing.
Okay, well that does it for Messy Heights.
What the hell was the name of the game again?
I can't even remember.
Oops, I'm sorry.
I'm just gonna call it Shitting From The Sky Game.
This is fun.
It's silly, it's stupid, it's dumb, I know that.
You don't need to tell me in the comments, I've had people say it before.
Jack, why are you playing these stupid free games?
Because they're fun!
 If you can't have fun playing this, what can you have fun playing?
I would say I am Brad, but that's not fun.
That's really just twisting your testicles out of your underpants kind of hatred.
I'll leave a link in the description for you guys to go play it if you want.
It's not hard.
It is free.
Go!
Go play it!
Go!
Go!
But thank you guys so much for watching this video.
If you liked it, punch that like button in the face, like a boss!
And high fives all around!
Thank you guys, and I will see all you dudes...
 Why is everything I play like in like Katamari Damacy?
I should be on like Saturday Night Live or something.
Actually my humor is too good for that.
His face really just tells a big story, doesn't it?
 Lost in the fog I fear that there's still further to fall It's dangerous cause I want it all And I don't think I care what it costs
 I shouldn't have fallen in love Look what it made me become I let you get too close Just to wake up alone And I know you think you can run You're scared to believe I'm the one But I just can't let you go I'd let the world go Let the world go for you
 I let it fly, and let the room burn Just to hear you calling out my name Watching it all go down in flames Fear in their eyes Ash rain from the blood orange skies I let everybody know that you're mine Now it's just a matter of time
 Look what you made me become I let you get too close Just to wake up alone And I know you think you can run You're scared to believe I'm the one
 Let the world burn for you This is how it always has been If I can't have you, then no one can
 In this video, I'm going to share my upgrade priorities for buildings, heroes, laboratory, and hero equipment upgrades as a new Town Hall 12.
What's going on my friends from Clash of Clans?
My name is Joe and welcome to episode one of the Town Hall 12 free to play series, day 143 since we started this village.
That's just under five months, which is a lot faster than it used to be in this game.
 Let's go ahead and take a look at what's new at Town Hall 12.
We do unlock the Yeti, Headhunter, Overgrowth Spell, Introduction to Siege Machines, Wall Wrecker, Battle Blimp, Stone Slammer, and also the Introduction to Weaponized Town Halls.
We do have some new buildings in the shop.
Getting into our Army section, we have Workshop,
 We have two new defensive additions in the hidden Tesla in Inferno Tower, and we also have a section of new traps.
We're going to go ahead and start by building those.
By the way, if you took a break from Clash of Clans and have recently returned, be aware that there has been a major overhaul on the trophy system in the game, and I'll make sure that I link a video down in the description below that explains all that.
 Alright so we used that builder to start building the new hidden tesla and we'll also use that same building to construct the inferno tower as well as the workshop.
That one builder for me is going to be busy upgrading all of the new buildings to the equivalent levels seen on this village so far which are maxed out for town hall 11.
 Alright, so let's I want to take you to this priority base which will be linked down in the description below for you.
All of the buildings up top where the Town Hall is located to include the traps are not upgradable for this level if they were maxed out at Town Hall 11.
So let's go ahead and get started with putting the other builders down and prioritizing our upgrades starting with this section of buildings that has the Laboratory, Hero Hall, as well as the Blacksmith.
Very important troop in Clash of Clans.
As well as upgrading the Barracks to unlock the Yeti.
Kind of important at Town Hall 12, Town Hall 13, and a little bit at Town Hall 14.
And then we're going to upgrade the Dark Spell Factory to unlock the Overgrowth.
 Now, I'm not entirely sure how important this spell is down in the lower levels, but I have seen it used quite a bit up in Town Hall 15, 16, and 17, so it's nice to go ahead and unlock that and upgrade it in the Laboratory.
Now, during Clan War League's week, we will not be upgrading heroes.
We'll shift those builders into upgrading defenses.
 So that's where we're going to start upgrading things like the Eagle Artillery, the Inferno Towers, moving over into Expos, Air Defenses, Air Sweepers, and then we'll just kind of follow these two sections or two rows of buildings like your Traps, Wizard Towers, Hidden Teslas, Archer Towers, then the Cannons, Mortars, and Bomb Towers last because they don't really pose
 the biggest threat on the base.
We're going to start with the strongest defenses and work our way back.
And then also you're going to notice that we have our storages near the end of the upgrade priorities.
And granted, we do increase our storage by upgrading these buildings, but they're not really necessary.
I went through a lot of the prices of the current buildings that need to be upgraded to include heroes, and we don't even need to upgrade the elixir storage, gold storage, or dark elixir storage to do those.
 That may change in the future, but as of right now, they're really not that big of a priority and you can save them for the end, maybe for going to Town Hall 13, as well as the resource buildings themselves, the collectors.
You can kind of hold off on those unless you do not play the game a lot and you do rely heavily on that passive income, in which point I would recommend that you move those buildings up in your priorities.
 Now, a lot of that information can be a little confusing, so I jumped over to the clash.ninja website to show you a visual representation of all those builders bouncing around for our newer players out there.
I've been using it for years, it's perfectly safe, and you can use it if you're a little bit more serious about Clash of Clans and want to monitor your upgrades and see the progress as you go.
 We're going to go into our builders tab and you can assign all the upgrades to the builders so you can kind of time it out perfectly with your clan war leagues and the clan games and stuff like that.
So builder one was on constructing the new buildings and upgrading the new buildings.
Let's jump into a one month view so you can see everything.
 Builder 2 will stay on the Laboratory, then transition into the Army Camps, and then move into the Barracks and the upgrading of the Dark Spell Factory.
You'll notice that the Grand Wardens after the Clan War League section.
The section in gold is Clan War Leagues, or how they mark it out.
 Builder 3 will upgrade the Hero Hall, then work on the Grand Warden for 2, 4, 6, 7 levels before going into Clan War Leagues and we'll start upgrading the Eagle Artillery.
Builder 4 will work on the Blacksmith, then 2 Army Camps, the Clan Castle upgrade, and the Dark Barracks during Clan War Leagues week, the first one.
 And then Builder 5 will be focused on upgrading the Barbarian King three levels until level 50, and then we're going to transition into upgrading the Archer Queen two levels, and then we're going to arrive in Clan War Leagues week and then shift into upgrading two of the Inferno Towers.
And this pattern will continue all the way into the second month.
Once Clan War Leagues is over, we'll start upgrading the Warden King and Queen at the same time.
 It is a little bit grindy, but that's something that I'm going to have to do in order to complete the levels as fast as I possibly can without spending any money.
And then we'll work on Inferno tower expos and air defenses with builder one, three, and yeah, hopefully that helps, you know, paint a clearer picture for you.
 Now, when choosing an army for Town Hall 12, I'm going to select something that's relatively easy to upgrade, and we're going to start out with a Mass Dragon Army first.
And that's going to be our priorities, which I'll talk about a little bit later on in the video.
After we've finished the upgrade on the Laboratory, we're going to transition the Builder from it, as well as the Blacksmith, into upgrading all four of our Army Camps.
 By upgrading the army camps, you're going to go from 260 housing space up to 280 housing space, which means that you can bring a few more troops into battle, which ultimately strengthens your army for being a Town Hall 11 now into a Town Hall 12 army.
Super important.
 After that, we're going to be upgrading the Clan Castle.
5 million Elixir to upgrade that 4-day upgrade, and that's also going to open up our capacity by 5 housing and allow us to bring a little bit more troops in on both offense and defense, which is going to be really important in the new Ranked Battle system.
Now, keep in mind that once the Hero Hall completes its upgrade,
 We're going to be shifting that builder inside the building to start working on upgrading our Grand Warden.
Now, at Town Hall 12, the Barbarian King and Archer Queen go up to level 65, which is a little bit of a larger jump than previous levels.
 The Grand Warden also goes up 20 levels to level 40.
So that's a little bit extensive and we need to start working on upgrading this.
Now, some of you might feel that it would be just beneficial to use a hero potion and keep your heroes available, but I'm thinking about the long game, not necessarily just being at Town Hall 12, but the thought process of moving on to Town Hall 13, 14, 15.
I mean, there's a lot of levels in this game now.
 and these heroes levels are just as important as upgrading the hero abilities to make them fully strengthened in getting those three stars later on in the game.
So I will be focusing on upgrading the heroes even though it's really not that much fun.
 Once this section of buildings has completed, we're going to move into upgrading the final offensive buildings in the Dark Barracks.
 So our first upgrade is always going to be the laboratory, but first we're going to jump in there and put something down for upgrade because I did not max out everything at town hall 11.
We got one day on the minion to level five, and then we're going to back out of that and upgrade this building for 3.8 million elixir four day upgrade.
So we're going to keep that building actively upgrading while the building is upgrading itself.
 Next we're gonna upgrade our hero hall because inside of the hero hall We did max out the Grand Warden the minion Prince and the Archer Queen We're gonna use the fifth builder to start upgrading this King because we're in between the ranked mode battles So we're gonna let that go for three days and we're also going to upgrade the building for 5.5 million elixir that way we can start upgrading the other heroes like the Grand Warden in the Archer Queen which we'll get into here in a moment
 The next upgrade after that is going to be the blacksmith, and unfortunately I need to go out and collect some more resources because I used it on those previous two buildings, but we're going to need 5 million elixir to upgrade the blacksmith, which will unlock the healer puppet as well as the noble iron, which isn't really used as much for the minion prince, at least from my experience.
 Upgrading this building, we are also able to upgrade the other abilities that we've already been using, i.e.
I think we also have some over here in our achievements.
500, I like that.
We also get 50 because of the new update and I believe there's some down here like Inferno Artilleries or Eagle Artilleries.
 300 free gems there, and I believe there's one here for the Super Troop.
And then there should be another one down here for Clan Capital.
That's going to bring us up to 2,814.
Now, we also have a medal event.
Pay attention to medal events because you could waste your gems on hero abilities that you don't need to buy because they might populate in these medal events.
By completing these medal events, we can go in here, and I'm more than likely going to be purchasing Electro Boots.
 can't use it at town hall 12 but we can use it at town hall 13 so i'm going to claim that for free and then use my gems in another place which would be upgrading our helper hut so we can upgrade our lab assistant to level 5 at town hall 12
 And we can upgrade it again to level 6.
And that should be it for Town Hall 12.
Let's go over to our Apprentice Builder.
We're going to require 1,000 gems there to upgrade that.
And another 1,000 gems.
And we ran out of gems, so we're not going to be able to upgrade it again until we save up the gems.
However,
 We can assign these guys to the upgrades that are currently active, and that's going to save us time on the upgrades.
With this being level six, it will save us six hours in the laboratory on that particular upgrade, which does help speed things up quite a bit.
 But if you need additional information on how to spend your Raid Medals, or your Gems, or your Clan War League Medals, be sure to check out the link down in the description.
And I believe that's pretty much it for this Town Hall 12 upgrade priority guide.
 If you bought a phone charger recently, it probably supports fast charging, and you probably still have some slow chargers lying around.
I've heard people say that when you charge overnight, you should use the slow charger, because fast charging supposedly hurts the battery more.
There's also a saying that keeping your battery between 30 and 80% is the healthiest range.
So, does fast charging actually damage your battery?
What's really the best way to charge your phone?
Does battery wear make your phone slower?
And at what point should you actually consider replacing your battery?
Today, let's run an experiment to find out the answers.
 First, we prepared 6 iPhone 12s and divided them into a fast charge group and a slow charge group.
Then, we opened them up and measured the battery capacity of each one, and installed our custom software called the discharge loop.
Once the app starts, the phone begins running a program to drain its battery.
When the battery drops to 5%, the app sends a signal to a relay connected to the charger.
 telling it to close the circuit and start charging.
Once the phone reaches 100%, the app tells the switch to open again and stop charging, then starts draining the battery again, repeating the cycle endlessly.
Since each cycle charges and discharges about 95% of the capacity, we count that as 0.95 of a full cycle.
After 500 cycles, we open the phones again and re-measure their battery capacities.
If the fast charge group shows significantly more capacity loss than the slow charge group, then we can say fast charging does hurt the battery more.
 In addition, we prepared another group of iPhone 12s.
These phones stream from 80% down to 30% then fast charge back to 80% since each round only uses 50% of the battery.
We count that as half a cycle.
If after 500 cycles, this group's battery loss is less than the full fast charge group, then it proves that keeping your phone between 30% and 80% really does help protect the battery.
Finally, we had one more iPhone 12 as a control group.
This phone didn't go through any charge cycles.
We only measured its capacity at the beginning and end.
 to rule out the effects of time and other factors.
On Android, we set up the same test groups.
But for fast charging, we used the IQ7 with 120W.
And for slow charging, we used 18W.
To keep the experiment running smoothly, we built an anti-crash device.
 If our discharge app crashes, this device detects the screen color change and reopens the app automatically.
All the phones used in this experiment were purchased through official stores.
We didn't communicate with any brands, so the results are completely independent.
Running a test like this takes about 6 months, so if you could give us a like, we'd really appreciate it.
Before the test began, just to prove we were really doing this for a long time, we planted some plants.
 so
 Time flies.
The plans didn't survive, but the experiment did.
After 167 days, all the phones had completed 500 charge cycles.
The iPhone's slow charge group lost 11.8% of its battery capacity.
The fast charge group lost 12.3%, just 0.5% more.
On Android, the slow charge group dropped 8.8%.
While the fast charge group dropped 8.5%, about 0.3% less.
 So over 500 cycles, roughly a year and a half of use, that difference is almost unnoticeable.
In addition, the iPhone 50% fast charge group lost 4% less capacity than the full fast charge group.
So keeping your phone's battery between 30 and 80% does help reduce wear, but the improvement is limited.
There's also a common belief that leaving your phone plugged at 100% is bad for the battery.
That idea actually makes sense.
Apple even says,
 If you store it fully charged for an extended period of time, the battery may lose some capacity.
To test this, we took six iPhone 12s, measured their capacities, and split them into three groups.
One left at 1%, one at 50%, and one at 100% while plugged in.
Then we powered them off and left them for a week.
Guess what?
Their battery capacities didn't change at all.
So battery aging is a long-term process.
 The best way to charge your phone is simply however you like.
Don't overthink it.
Don't trade mental energy for a tiny bit of battery life.
Now that we know how charging affects battery wear, let's look at how battery wear affects your actual phone experience.
We found four iPhone 12s with battery health at 94%, 89%, 85%, 81%, plus one iPhone X at 77%.
We teamed up with our friends at GeekyOne to test their battery life and performance
 After 4 hours of continuous use, the remaining battery levels were 39, 41, 32, and 26%.
The iPhone X at 77% battery health shut down after 3 hours and 52 minutes, then replaced all their batteries and ran the tests again.
This time, the remaining power increased by 6, 5, 12, and 16%, and 24%.
So once your battery health drops to around 85%, you'll start noticing shorter battery life.
 When it falls near 80%, it's time to replace the battery.
Android doesn't show official battery health numbers at the time, but we tested three Android phones from our experiment.
Before the experiment, their remaining power after the same test were 35, 33, and 35%.
After new batteries, it increased 9, 10, and 8%, roughly an extra 90 minutes of use.
Does battery wear affect performance?
Not really.
Performance stayed nearly the same before and after replacement.
 But phones with degraded batteries throttle earlier.
For example, this iPhone with 80% battery health slows down at 11%.
While with the new battery, it doesn't throttle until 5%.
In games, that means the new battery lets you play a bit longer before it lags.
 That's the end of our experiment section.
Some of you might be wondering, if you only use 20 phones in 6 months, why does the title say 40 phones 2 years?
That's because we tried this 3 times.
The first one was back in October 2020 with just 4 phones, too fast, too slow.
 Back then, I didn't know how to automate anything, so I literally drained the batteries by leaving games running, charged them manually, then repeated that for a month.
From October 4th to March 3rd, I completed 330 cycles, but one fast charge phone aged a lot, the other didn't at all, no clear results, so I tried again.
This time, I bought 4 more phones for each group, added Android, and used a robotic arm and smart plugs to automate the whole process.
 From May 31st to August 3rd, 2021, I ran over 200 cycles, but four phones broke and the software kept crashing, another failure.
Then came the third try, the one you just watched, and it finally worked.
Sometimes I wonder, does anyone still care about whether fast charging hurts battery?
Is it really worth all this time and effort?
 Then I remember my first phone.
I always waited until it dropped below 20% before charging, and only unplugged at 100% because I thought that was good for the battery.
I did that for 3 years.
Looking back, it didn't help the phone, but it made me feel like I was taking care of something important because that phone meant a lot to me.
 It was my window to the world, my escape from the boredom.
So even if that kind of care didn't matter technically, it still mattered emotionally.
If this video helps more people use their phones a little more freely, then it's all worth it.
All the phones from this test have been given away to our viewers after getting brand new batteries.
If there's anything else you'd like us to test, let us know in the comments.
After this, we've also done a video about whether using your phone while charging hurts the battery.
Go check it out.
 I'm back, motherfucker!
I'm back!
All of this fucking solitary confinement shit got me back.
Bad times.
All around you is crumbling.
And all those have quit.
That's when you know who the fuck you are.
I got a lot of more miles to go before I sleep.
What the hell are we all waiting for to start attacking life?
 waiting for the fucking stars to align.
Back when I was growing up, the song came out.
All I need is a miracle.
Well, guess what?
That miracle ain't coming.
There is no perfect time to start.
You got to start now with changing your life.
We're all being tested in life.
 And guess what?
This is one test you can't cheat on.
We all have our own test.
Some of us are obese.
Some of us are depressed.
Some of us are insecure.
In the military, we have this big old rucksack on the back.
We have batteries, water, extra gear.
Your extra gear is the shit you're dealing with in life.
And the only way to overcome it is for you and you alone to face it.
 You have to do your best work when you're least motivated.
So those days you don't wanna do it, guess what you gotta do?
You gotta suck it the fuck up and do it.
Stay hard.
I'd rather you hate me than get better than like me and stay the same.
A lot of us are full of shit.
I was one of those people back in the fucking day.
And sometimes I'm still full of shit.
 We think that we're working our ass off, working hard.
You know, we've been working out hard in the gym for a month, but we haven't seen any results.
So we get all fucking down in poopy pants and shit.
You study for 30 minutes for a fucking test and you didn't do as well as you thought.
 What the fuck do you expect?
You're not putting in the work.
 and say okay or do what I do and say go fuck yourself.
Beware of one thing motherfuckers, spitting in the wind, that shit comes back in your face.
Stay hard.
 So I'm getting ready to board my plane yesterday, and this NFL football player comes up to me.
He goes, Gagas, can I ask you a question?
How do you keep that dog mentality?
I said, let me ask you a question.
When you were younger, what did you want to be?
He said, an NFL football player.
But once I got there, I lost that dog mentality.
 He had a finish line in his brain.
Guess what?
A true dog mentality?
I have a dog at home.
I can feed that motherfucker all day long.
He never gets full.
It's not enough he made it to the NFL.
Be the fucking MVP.
It's not enough he made a 5K.
Win a 10K.
It's not enough he became a doctor.
Be a better doctor.
It's not enough he lost 50 pounds.
Go out there and do something with it.
Guess what?
It's 109 out here, but guess what?
It's not enough.
Stay hard.
 As you all know, it's a hot motherfucker.
Nice heat wave.
Mother nature's a pissed off motherfucker, but guess what?
So am I.
So who gives a fuck?
Today I was running, and this guy passes me in the car.
It's about 100 degrees out here, 70% humidity.
And the guy comes back around, looks at me.
He pulls his car by me and says, why the fuck are you out here?
I said, because you're not.
 Sometimes your motivation needs to be because no one else wants to fucking do it.
We need doctors.
We need fucking lawyers.
We need dentists.
We need teachers.
We also need fucking savages.
This message I do is not for fucking everybody.
So I don't want to say that soft bullshit about, do you have sunscreen on?
Get my shoes on, head the fuck out.
I've been thinking a lot.
 That internal voice has been talking to me.
Talking about, oh man, you're tired.
Looking at my shoes about 30 minutes before I put the motherfuckers on.
Pushing back the time that I go out to go run.
So I decided to tape record myself.
That internal voice I put on tape.
Sounded like a straight bitch when I listened to that motherfucker.
So if you ever have a hard time out there, tape yourself.
Listen to what kind of bitch you're being.
 Stay home.
When I was in the military, we'd go on these instructor-led runs.
Most of the time, we knew the start and end point.
So on the way back, I started seeing people getting happy and shit because the end was near.
But there were some asshole instructors that would hear the happiness and go right on past the end point.
 When that happened, everybody stopped talking.
Heads would stop dropping.
And I started taking fucking souls.
At that time, I knew what happened in their minds.
They were living off the hope factor.
 They hoped the instructors would stop running.
They hoped the water was never cold.
They hoped the weather was fucking good.
I don't live off that hope shit.
I wish the water was cold.
I wish them motherfucking instructors keep on fucking running.
I wish for fucking rain.
When the ending is unknown and the distance is unknown, that's when you know who the fuck you are.
Stay hard.
Don't talk about it, be about it.
Practice what you preach.
Stay hard.
When I was in ranger school, my squad got spot checked.
 The ranger instructor was looking for three items.
One of my guys didn't have the items.
So the whole squad got smoked.
The R.I. was sitting there smoking us.
And the more he smoked us, the more my squad looked around looking for someone to motivate him.
The ranger instructor shouted out, I'm gonna bury you motherfuckers.
So I saw that my squad needed some extra motivation.
 So I said, ain't no grave that can hold us down, motherfucker.
Ain't no grave that can hold us down.
Right now in life, your family's looking for that one guy right now.
They're looking for that one guy who's strong, who's that pillar for the family in hard times.
Make sure they look around, they look around and find you.
These are the times right now for you to step up.
Be that guy that can take anything.
Stay hard.
What statement are you making?
 the psychology of savagery I wasn't the best runner but what I did was I found the worst schedules out of my competition and I made sure they saw me running day and night I tried to get in their fucking heads I got a video the other day of this UFC fighter Ferguson this motherfucker weighs in and the UFC is fucking cancelled he wasn't just weighing in
 He was getting in the fucking head of his opponents.
What he did was this.
He wanted you to remember his fucking hands and elbows slice you the fuck up.
Remember this.
Stay hard at all times.
Savagery.
There's a distinct difference between a champion and someone who's just good.
 Some folks go from heavy to losing weight back to heavy again.
Some folks go from lazy to studs back to lazy.
The list goes on and on and on.
A lot of folks take the four lane highway to get their results.
The four lane highway is just that, it's the easy route.
On that highway they have road signs.
 Five miles up, hotel.
Ten miles up, restaurant.
Restrooms, all that shit.
It's the easy road map to success.
Nothing there is permanent.
But the other choice that makes permanent is the shovel.
That fucking shovel.
 These are the calluses on your brain, on your hands.
They're permanent.
Pick up the shovel.
Stay hard.
A lot of you are trying to find inspiration and motivation with a depressed mindset.
 You're depressed because you're not doing shit with yourself.
You don't find inspiration by not living in the grip of life.
You need to live in the grip of life to find inspiration.
Put challenges in front of yourself.
When you put a challenge in front of yourself and you attack it, that's when you find inspiration.
Try to be 10% better than you were last week.
So if you run at 30 miles a week, run 33.
 If you're swimming 500 meters, swim 550.
If some of you aren't doing shit, you're 10% just getting off the fucking couch.
The more you walk away from accountability, the weaker you become.
Find yourself in the grip of life.
You can't find yourself by doing nothing.
With success in life comes more haters.
Don't make them hurt your feelings.
 Use them for fuel.
If you want something, everything out there is free to you.
Google the motherfucker.
My diet was breakfast run, lunch run, fucking dinner run, snack run.
Stay home.
At the beginning of the year, a lot of you had goals, ambition, a lot of drive, a lot of motivation.
Well, it's Easter.
 It's the middle of April.
When I navigate, I put backstops out there to make sure I don't get too far off course.
I put those backstops in my personal life to make sure I don't get too far away from my goals and my dreams.
A lot of you aren't proud of who you are.
You don't like the person you created.
Do what I did.
 Start from scratch.
Create somebody that you're proud of.
Stay hard.
October 31st, I put a video up and it showed my leg with a lot of edema.
I put my hand on it.
I got a lot of bad comments on that.
A lot of hate came out of that fucking thing, man.
Talking shit that I'll never run again.
There's a good chance I wasn't going to.
But I thought about it for a long time.
 And they had this stuff out there called Kahn.
Before you go to sleep, you play it.
Ocean waves, birds and shit.
Waterfall, thunder, all that shit.
I made a garbage remix of all your shit talking.
I put that motherfucker on the bed.
Evil, violent shit.
Woke up motherfucking refreshed.
Ready to kick ass.
I'm 22 miles in, motherfucker.
 Runnin' videos are back!
Stay hard!
 A lot of people say, oh, I just wanna sorta, they're kinda dabbling in the idea of improving themselves.
And the real way to do it is you gotta write down what the fuck you want and then go after it.
If you decide, I'm gonna get down to bang, I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna run a marathon in less than five hours, I'm gonna, you know, whatever the fuck it is, you gotta write that shit down and go for it.
 Well, my workout, I schedule every Sunday.
I schedule everything that I'm going to do during the week.
I say, I have to do yoga two times this week.
I have to lift weights three times this week.
I have to run twice this week.
And however I fit that in, I fit that in.
But I owe those things.
 And you don't need two and a half hours.
You can get a great workout in 40 minutes and that's all you need for the whole day.
100%.
You know, this idea of time, like how much time did you put in today?
You can work out in a bullshit manner for two hours and not get nearly as much done as you can for a half hour hard just running.
So I have to get those things in.
The only exceptions are injuries and sickness.
 I do everything that I can to put my body and my brain in a good place so that I'm keeping my engine smooth.
I'm changing my oil.
I'm changing my spark plugs.
I'm making sure that it's operating.
I mean, it's not going to be perfect, but I know that I've done my best to keep it working the best that I can.
 There's consequences that you pay to constantly seeking comfort and avoiding discomfort and avoiding hard work.
And those consequences are you're never going to feel self-realized, you're never going to feel like you accomplished anything, you're never going to have this feeling of understanding that
 Difficulty and struggle and the ability to push through that is a muscle.
And you develop that muscle by doing it.
And once you do, you develop a lot of self-satisfaction and you develop peace of mind and you understand that you can overcome obstacles.
We all look at the guy who never lies, and always does the right thing, and fucking helps everybody out.
And that's the John Wayne character.
That's the ultimate hero.
 And he's like, this is a battle that you will fight for the rest of your life.
But the key is to fight it, not to give in.
Don't give in to that resistance.
Just to fight that resistance.
And in doing so, every day you do so, you have won the battle for that day.
And you will continue to fight that battle.
 And when you look at your own life, and you don't stack up, you're a thief, you stole money from your wife's purse, and you don't want to smoke cigarettes, but you fucking have to, you can't deal with the stress, you smoke, you devalue yourself.
You slowly start devaluing yourself.
When you look at yourself, you realize that if you were judging yourself, you would judge yourself unfavorably.
So no matter who you are, you can't pretend you're the hero of your story.
 You can be the hero of your own story that woke up today.
You can be the hero of your own story that at 40 years of age stopped, got out of bed and said, I'm not doing this anymore.
Only by my instincts and only by my morals and my ideals and my mind, and I'm going to be dead honest with myself because I'm realizing this is not going to last forever.
 I'm going to get myself in shape and I'm going to eat healthy.
And I'm going to do this because this is me now.
I decide that this is me.
And people have to realize that you are not your past.
 You are not all the times you fucked up.
You're not all the times you were drunk.
 Somewhere along the line they didn't face enough of the adversity to realize that there's sometimes you just got to get up and get shit done.
There's sometimes we have to fucking pull yourself up and you have to push forward even if you want to stay in bed.
 Having that safety net just provided him with a way to stay in bed, kept him weak.
Have an opportunity.
Every time things go wrong, every time things feel terrible, you have an opportunity to learn from whatever makes you feel terrible and never allow it to happen again.
Push forward.
 system will set out honey pots for people to get trapped in.
The system will set out the ideas of retirement, the ideas of the golden years, providing you benefits, providing you a healthy work environment.
Why?
Well, because they want people to work for them.
They don't want people to realize their own dreams and escape.
They want to set it up so that you stick around, stick around some sort of an unsatisfying world.
It's up to you
 to see that video game problem, to see that issue as it comes up on the map.
No, no, I think this is a right turn.
To see all the problems that could potentially lay in front of you and calculate your future.
And then also look around at all the people that didn't do it and look at the misery that they're in and learn that you don't want to be like them.
 And most people get stuck in these patterns where they define themselves as a person who doesn't follow through on their ideas, or a person who doesn't pursue their real interests and loves.
You define yourself by that.
Well, you know, I guess I start things and I quit.
No, you don't.
No, you have started things and you quit.
And it gives you a horrible sense of regret that's made you define yourself by that.
You don't have to do that.
It's so illogical because when you look at
 comfort and you look at success and progress and the eventual the feelings of accomplishment and of getting past certain hurdles and in terms of like how you feel about life a lot of those are connected to discomfort like discomfort is your friend it really is like discomfort and uh and not being happy and content with certain situations in life or certain feelings in life
 One of the big problems is sitting down and doing the work.
And he labels it like an enemy.
He calls it resistance.
You know, and that you have to sit down and you have to overcome resistance and that the pro goes to work.
And it doesn't matter if you're sick.
It doesn't matter if you have kids.
It doesn't matter what you, you're a pro and you go to work and that, and that just, it puts it in your head.
 that this is what I do.
You have pride in that.
And then when you are in front of that keyboard, and you look down at the count, it says, put a thousand words in.
And you're doing the work.
And out of that work, gems blossom.
 And it's about resistance that people feel when you know you should write, or you know you should paint, or whatever you should sculpt, whatever these things are that you pursue.
And that there's this thing that comes up that tries to keep you from doing that.
This resistance.
You're not a hero in your own eyes.
You're not someone who you respect.
 You're doing what you gotta do to get by, but ultimately, you're not respecting yourself.
If you don't have to overcome obstacles, you never know whether or not you can.
Unless you are faced with actual adversity, you don't understand how you're going to feel and how you're going to react when you overcome that adversity.
 Things that are difficult, when you do these difficult things, you're stressing your mind, or, I should say, not even stressing your mind, exercising your mind, and exercising your body's ability to manage intense situations.
It's hard, it's very difficult, it's very testing.
And in doing so, you lessen the stress of regular life.
I don't want that.
I've never wanted that.
That guy's not going to be happy.
 you have been fed this line of horseshit that you're supposed to seek comfort.
And I don't think you are.
I think you're supposed to seek lessons and you're supposed to seek difficult tasks and accomplishments and through those things and through doing things that are hard to do.
Because if I just think, well, tomorrow I'm just going to coast and eat Twinkies and watch TV.
Oh, hello, sadness, my old friend.
Hello, depression.
 And we can pretend that we're something other than what we really are.
And we can pretend, nah, me, man, I'm just cool, just chilling, doing nothing.
Little improvements, I think, are what life is all about.
And I think, also, they're a tool to feed the mind.
Because I really believe the mind needs these little lessons.
The mind needs these little tasks.
 stimulation and reward, lack of these peaks and valleys and again this bullshit idea that we're constantly fed that you should be comfortable.
Those human reward systems are carved deeply into your DNA and if you don't respect that, if you don't respect the mechanism of happiness and fulfillment and what you really need to do in order to feel satisfied in life,
 Camaraderie, love, family, friendship, struggle, testing yourself, learning.
All those things are imperative.
They're all a giant part of being a person.
Improvements over things.
That's why doing difficult things is good.
 Have you ever noticed that the loudest person in the room is usually the weakest?
Always talking.
Always proving something.
Always chasing validation.
But the strongest person, the one who moves in silence, that's the one who truly wins.
Let me tell you something.
Life has a way of giving you exactly what you need at exactly the right time.
But only if you learn to be still.
Only if you learn to be quiet.
 only if you learn to trust the process.
Because when you stop forcing, when you stop begging, when you stop explaining yourself to people who never cared to understand you, that's when life starts working in your favor.
The right things will come, the right people will stay, the wrong ones will remove themselves.
All you have to do is stay silent and let it happen.
Silence is power, not just the absence of words, but the presence of awareness.
 The moment you stop talking, the moment you resist the urge to explain yourself, defend yourself, or prove your worth to those who don't deserve your energy, that's when you take back control.
You begin to listen, not just to words, but to what isn't being said, to the energy in the room, to the hidden motives behind people's actions, to the truth that's buried beneath all the noise.
Most people can't handle silence.
They talk because they fear it.
 They talk because they feel invisible.
They talk because they think being louder makes them stronger.
But true strength isn't about how much you say.
It's about what you do in the moments of restraint.
It's about patience.
It's about having the discipline to observe and understand before reacting.
Think about the people you admire most, the leaders, the visionaries, the ones who command respect effortlessly.
 They don't waste words.
And when you know that, you no longer have to prove it.
 People respect those who don't beg for attention.
They admire those who don't need constant reassurance.
They are drawn to those with quiet, unshakable confidence.
Because deep down, everyone knows that real power doesn't scream.
It simply exists.
It doesn't need an audience to be real.
It doesn't need approval to take up space.
It just is.
 Look at the most powerful, successful, and respected people in the world.
They are not the ones constantly seeking attention.
They are not the ones who need to be told they are great.
They are the ones who put their heads down and do the work.
They build in silence.
They move with purpose.
They don't act for recognition.
They act because they believe in what they're doing.
 Seeking validation is a weakness.
When you rely on validation, you give others the power to define your worth.
You need someone else to tell you that you're enough, that you're doing well, that you're worthy, and that's dangerous.
Because what happens when that validation stops?
What happens when people don't notice you?
When they don't clap for you?
When they don't give you the reaction you hoped for?
 If you depend on their approval, you will start to feel lost.
You will start to doubt yourself.
You will start to hesitate, shrink, and question every move you make.
But when you stop seeking validation, when you learn to validate yourself, nothing can shake you.
No amount of criticism can break you.
No lack of applause can stop you.
No rejection can make you question your worth.
Because your confidence is not built on opinions.
 It is built on an unshakable truth.
You are enough.
You are capable.
When you are silent, you notice things you would have missed in the noise.
You see who respects your boundaries and who only follows them when it's convenient.
You see who checks in because they care and who only reaches out when they need something.
 You see who values your presence and who only values your attention.
Some people don't listen to understand, they listen to respond.
They listen to argue, manipulate and push their own agenda.
The moment you stop speaking, they have nothing left to hold on to.
And that's when they reveal whether they were ever truly there for you or just for the version of you they could control.
Silence shows you who respects you even when you're not explaining yourself.
 Who stands by you even when you're not justifying your decisions.
Who supports you even when you're not trying to convince them of your worth.
Because real relationships, whether friendships, family or love, don't require constant explanation.
They don't demand proof of your value over and over again.
True connections exist even in the quiet.
They don't disappear just because you stop talking.
 The people who constantly need you to explain yourself are the ones who never truly understood you in the first place.
The ones who get angry when you stop justifying your decisions are the ones who only felt comfortable when they had control over your choices.
And the ones who disappear the moment you stop talking, they were never really there for you at all.
Silence is not weakness.
It is not avoidance.
It is not a lack of communication.
 Silence is a strategy.
It is a way to protect your energy, reveal the truth, and see who is truly meant to be in your life.
Because the people who are meant for you will never require constant explanations.
They will understand you even in the silence.
They will respect you even when you're not seeking validation.
They will remain even when you stop talking.
You can't beg someone to appreciate you.
 The more you try to explain, the more they resist.
The more you chase, the more they run.
The more you give without being appreciated, the more they take without thinking twice.
But when you remove yourself, when you stop proving, when you let silence do the talking, they are left with nothing but their own thoughts.
And those thoughts will either make them realize your worth
 or expose the fact that they never valued you to begin with.
The hardest lesson comes from loss.
Sometimes the only way to show someone what you meant to them is to let them feel your absence.
Words won't do it.
Conversations won't do it.
Arguments won't do it.
Only the emptiness left behind can make them see what they ignored.
And if it doesn't, then you have your answer.
Because someone who truly values you will not let your absence go unnoticed.
Absence exposes true feelings.
 People always learn the hard way when they lose someone who truly cared for them.
The world is full of people who realized too late what they had.
They only saw the importance of that person when the calls stopped, the presence disappeared, the loyalty was no longer given.
And by then, the damage was done.
Absence doesn't just reveal your worth to others, it reveals their true feelings about you.
 If they let you go without a second thought, if they move on without hesitation, if they don't even notice that you're gone, that is all the proof you need.
You were never truly valued.
And as painful as that truth is, it is necessary.
You don't have to prove your worth.
It is not your job to convince someone of your value.
It is not your job to beg for appreciation.
They spend time trying to convince others they're serious about their goals.
 But the truth is, no one needs to believe in your dream except you.
No one needs to understand your vision except you.
Because when you truly believe in yourself, you don't need permission.
You don't need validation.
You just need action.
The greatest ideas, businesses, and achievements all started in silence.
Before they changed the world, they were built in the dark.
Away from the noise.
Away from unnecessary opinions.
And that's exactly where you need to be.
 The people who achieve the most don't waste time explaining their plans.
They spend time building them.
When you work in silence, you protect your energy.
You don't waste time defending your decisions.
You don't let outside voices interfere with your momentum.
You stay in control.
You move without fear of judgment or the weight of other people's doubts.
And when you finally reveal what you've been working on, it speaks for itself.
 Some people ask about your plans just to compare them to their own.
They want to see if you're ahead of them, if you're doing better.
And the moment they realize you are, they either try to discourage you or copy you.
But when you stay quiet and keep your moves private, they have nothing to compare, nothing to compete with, and nothing to interfere with.
There's a reason why the most powerful moves in history were made in silence.
 A reason why the greatest successes are revealed only when they are already unstoppable.
Because when you work in the background, no one sees you coming.
And that is your greatest advantage.
Let them wonder.
Let them assume.
Let them think you're doing nothing.
Meanwhile, you are growing, you are building, you are becoming something greater.
And when the time is right, when your work is ready to be seen, there will be nothing they can do to stop it.
You stop worrying about where you should be, what you should have, who you should be with, or what you should be doing.
You stop measuring your progress by someone else's timeline.
Instead, you focus on your own path, your own growth.
 your own progress.
You trust that everything is unfolding exactly as it should.
You trust that you are exactly where you need to be in this moment.
And you trust that with each passing day, you are moving closer to where you are meant to be.
The truth is, the timing of your life is perfect.
It may not always make sense in the moment, but one day, when you look back, you will see how everything lined up.
 every challenge, every setback, every failure and every success.
It all played a role in shaping who you are today and who you will become tomorrow.
Even when it feels like nothing is happening, trust that things are moving behind the scenes.
Life has its own rhythm.
And when you trust it, you will receive exactly what is meant for you.
Nature teaches us that timing is everything.
It reminds us that we don't have to rush
 We don't have to force things.
And we don't have to be in control all the time.
And even if it feels slow, life is always moving forward.
So trust the journey.
Trust that you are where you need to be.
Trust that what's meant for you will come at the right time.
And until then, know that everything is falling into place exactly as it should.
Now breathe, relax, and watch how life unfolds, just as it was always meant to.
 you
 When we say human potential, unleashing human potential, it is not about reaching the peak.
It is a trajectory.
Because what our life is, is a combination of a certain amount of time and energy.
Time is rolling away for all of us at the same pace.
If you sit, it rolls away.
If you sleep, it rolls away.
If you do something, it goes away.
If you don't do anything, it goes away.
You're happy or miserable, it goes away.
 Time is running out for all of us.
So it's only the energy that you can do different things with.
If you bring your energies to a certain level of intensity and possibility,
 What somebody does in 10 years, you may do it in one year.
This means if you live here for 100 years, it feels like in people's impact that you have created, it feels like you lived here for a thousand years, simply because you have managed your life energies in a certain way.
So for me, a human being being impactful means, how conscious have you become?
This is very important.
 Because if you're in compulsive cycles, then your energy gets wasted in so many things.
If you observe people in a day, let's say, let's take 24 hours, in that anyway, most people by prescription in America, they sleep for eight hours.
So eight hours means one third of life is gone.
In the remaining two thirds, they have to eat, they have to, you know, shower, bathroom, this, that, all this, another two, three hours gone.
 So literally 50% of life is gone daily basis just for basic maintenance of this life.
Not that what you're doing is wrong, the way you're seeing it is wrong.
 You think those people who committed suicide, everything was wrong with their life?
No, not everything was wrong with their life, a few things.
As it goes wrong in your life, my life, everybody's life, some things don't work, all right?
In everybody's life, something doesn't work in the outside world.
If everything is working for you, obviously you're living a very petty life.
In my life, ninety-five percent of the things that I want doesn't happen, only five percent happens.
 Because I'm trying to fix everything in the world, most of the things don't happen.
So if anybody wants to die of frustration, it must be me, but I will not.
Because no matter what, I will die blissed out.
I live blissed out, I die blissed out.
Because what I do, what the situation is around me and how I am, are never connected.
 I'm the way I am, I'll do my best."
See, the problem is too much spiritual jargon is going all over the world because every idiot who's read two books can write his next book.
There was a time when people read ten books and then wrote one book, that was called plagiarism.
Now they read two books and they write the third book.
Just about everybody is writing.
It's all right, it's freedom of expression, they can write what they want.
But these are two things, there is expression and there is perception.
 Which should you invest in more?
If you perceive well, your expression will be valuable.
Right now everybody is on a expression binge without perceiving a damn thing.
Why it became like this is, the dogmatic religious beliefs which did not allow people to think for themselves.
If you thought anything other than what's written in the book, you're dead.
 They made this for few centuries.
So suddenly, when they broke away from that and started thinking for themselves, they suddenly thought this is liberation.
 but cannot be you, isn't it?
What I gather can belong to me but cannot be me, is that so?
Now, the very way you are is such that what you gather and who you are is all mixed up.
It is true you gathered this body over a period of time, hello?
It is true all the content of your mind you gathered over a period of time.
 But now you think it's me.
If you believe yourself to be something other than what you are, that is a medical case.
Yes or no?
So, right now that's all that's happened.
See, all the countless number of people who walked on this planet before you and me, where are they?
Topsoil, oh, oh, this house, all the best.
They're topsoil.
 This also will become topsoil.
Hello?
I'll bless you with a long life, but anyway you will die, is it okay?
Hello?
It's not my wish, because nobody is negotiating life and death.
We are only negotiating little more time.
Little more time we want, that's all.
So, essentially, what we gather, we put it back, it's very simple.
But somehow when we sit here, we think absolutely this is me.
 So once you make this mistake that you don't know which is you, which is not you.
I sat on this chair for a long time.
Then I start thinking, this is me.
Just see how ugly it becomes.
Wherever I walk, this seat is sticking to me and I walk with it.
How ugly it becomes.
 That's how it is.
The moment you get identified with something that you are not, something turns ugly.
Because now fears, anxiety, simply if something happens, there is a problem, nothing happens, there is a problem.
Tell me one damn thing that human beings are not suffering.
They are not educated, they suffer that.
Put them to school, they suffer endlessly.
If they are poor, they suffer poverty.
Make them rich, they suffer taxes.
You suffer life, you suffer death, you suffer everything, if it happens, if it doesn't happen, where is the problem?
The problem is just this, we have given you, we means nature has given you a very sophisticated computer out here, but you don't know where the keyboard is.
So you keep knocking yourself like this, like this, like that, something works.
 Many times these days all the young people have this habit of keeping their smartphone in their hip pocket and whenever they sit it calls somebody.
Will it call who you want?
 No, if you want to call who you want, you have to do the right thing.
So right now, this is all that's happening with one's mind.
The most fantastic faculty that you have, compared to any other creature on this planet, you have a better brain than Wombat.
Hello?
You have a better brain than any other damn creature on this planet, yes or no?
More complex, more sophisticated, but just see how much misery human beings are manufacturing.
 If you remove half their brains, they would be peaceful.
This is what they're trying to do.
This is a weekend.
I don't know how you're here.
They're trying to soak their brains in alcohol so that See, if you take away the potential, the problem is always gone.
But is that the way to deal with your life?
Take away the possibilities, then problem is also gone.
 So, how do we handle this?
The first and foremost thing is if you sit here, you become conscious, your body is here, your mind is there, what is you is a little away, little space.
Once there is a little space between you and your physical realities and your psychological realities, this is the end of suffering because there are only two kinds of sufferings in your life, physical suffering and mental suffering.
Little distance, suddenly,
 They're not a problem.
 So pain that happens in your body, you take it in your mind and multiply it a thousand times or a million times depending on how capable you are or how stupid you are and suffer it a million times over.
Right now, most human beings are like this.
What happened ten years ago, they can still suffer.
What may happen day after tomorrow, they already suffer.
 They are not suffering life.
They think they are suffering life.
They are not suffering life.
They are suffering the two most fantastic faculties that human beings alone have, a vivid sense of memory and a fantastic sense of imagination.
The survival process has become easier than ever before.
Believe me, in the morning if you need a bucket full of water, if you had to walk a mile to the river to get one bucket of water,
 and your family needed 25 buckets of water, you would have no time to mess yourself.
Now you have a lot of time to mess yourself because our survival is better organized than ever before.
Another thing is most human beings do not know how to manage their biochemistry without physical activity.
 I've seen a whole lot of people, particularly teenage boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 16, who come to me with some severe violent problems within themselves.
If you leave them like that, they may kill themselves or kill somebody else.
They're in that kind of state.
 Many of them have even killed their parents, you know, it has happened all over the world.
 But in terms of intelligence and awareness, your world's apart from a chimpanzee.
So this is your problem.
You have an intelligence for which you don't have a stable enough platform.
Unless you stabilize this, your own intelligence is going to freak the hell out of your life.
 It works to some extent.
Somebody dances, somebody sings, somebody does something else.
Different types of activities people use to stabilize themselves.
But any activity that you do, how many hours in twenty-four hours can you surf or dance or sing or do whatever?
 So this is why it is important you find an inner mechanism, which wherever you are, it's always on.
If you're doing this with physical activity, you get enslaved to that activity.
See, right now, only if I sing, I can be happy.
I have to sing, all neighbors will have to wake it.
 I have to sing twenty-four hours.
So I'm saying any activity that we do, only if I eat this, I'll be happy.
We'll have to be eating.
Only if I drink this, I'll be happy.
We have to be drinking.
Anything outside activity, if it decides our inner way of being, we get enslaved to that activity.
And no activity is it possible for anybody to keep it on for twenty-four hours all the time.
 No activity, anything cannot be done unless it's an inner mechanism where you just know how to be.
Like breath, it's happening, all the time it's happening.
So this is where the yogic systems are important.
We start with outer activity, slowly take it inward in such a way, a transition happens where even if you don't do anything, it's the same way.
But with every other activity, you have to do that activity for you to get that experience.
That's a fundamental difference.
 you
 It's a scientific fact that the hormones of stress down-regulate genes and create disease, long-term effects.
Human beings, because of the size of the neocortex, we can turn on the stress response just by thought alone.
We can think about our problems and turn on those chemicals.
That means then our thoughts could make us sick.
So if it's possible that our thoughts could make us sick, is it possible then our thoughts could make us well?
The answer is absolutely yes.
 Hey everybody, welcome to Impact Theory.
Our goal with this show and company is to introduce you to the people and ideas that will help you actually execute on your dreams.
All right, today's guest is a New York Times bestselling author and one of the most sought after speakers in the world.
He's lectured and given advanced workshops in more than 30 countries across five continents
 all with the aim of helping people better understand and unlock the power of their mind.
His expertise is the intersection of the fields of neuroscience, epigenetics, and quantum physics, and he's partnered with other scientists across multiple disciplines to perform extensive research on the effects of meditation, using advanced technologies such as epigenetic testing, brain mapping with EEGs, and gas discharge visualization technology.
 Through his work, he is endeavoring to help advance both the scientific community and the public at large's understanding of mind-derived health optimization, a topic he covered extensively in his groundbreaking book, You Are the Placebo.
His teaching has had such a profound impact on the way that people perceive a wide range of brain-related topics around mindfulness and well-being that he's a faculty member at the Quantum University in Hawaii, the Omega Institute for Holistic Studies in New York,
 and the Kripalu Center for Yoga and Health in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
He's also an invited chair of the research committee at Life University in Atlanta, as well as a corporate consultant where he delivers his lectures and workshops for businesses.
And that thought is not going to slip by your awareness unchecked because it means to know thyself.
The word meditation means to become familiar with.
 So as you become familiar with the thoughts, the behaviors, and the emotions of the old self, you're retiring that old self.
As you fire and wire new thoughts and condition the body into a new emotional state, if you do that enough times, it'll begin to become familiar to you.
So it's so important
 Just like a garden, if you're planting a garden, you've got to get rid of the weeds.
You've got to take the plants from the past year and you've got to pull them out.
The rocks that sift to the top that are like our emotional blocks, they have to be removed.
The soil has to be tenderized and broken down.
We have to make room to plant a new garden.
Primarily, we learn the most about ourselves and others when we're uncomfortable.
Because the moment you move into that uncomfortable state, normally a program jumps in.
 When that program jumps in, it's because the person doesn't want to be in the present moment and engage it consciously.
So when you teach people how to do that with a meditative process, it turns out that when they're in their life, they're less likely to emotionally react.
They're less likely to be so rigid and believe the thoughts they were thinking.
 They're more aware of when they go unconscious back into a habit and that is what starts the process of change And so we have to unlearn before we relearn we have to break the habit of the old self before we reinvent the new self we have to prune synaptic connections and sprout new connections we have to Unfire and unwire and refire and rewire we have to unmemorize emotions that are stored in the body Then recondition the body to a new mind into a new motion like deep program and reprogram.
That's the act and it's a two-step process and
 I like the way that you call that out as an action.
 So, people become addicted to the rush of those emotions, and they use the problems and conditions in their life to reaffirm their limitation, so at least they can feel something.
So now, when it comes time to change, you say to the person, why are you this way?
Well, every time they recall the event, they're producing the same chemistry in their brain and body as if the event is occurring.
 Firing and wiring the same circuits and sending the same emotional signature to the body.
Well, what's the relevance behind that?
Well, your body is the unconscious mind It doesn't know the difference between the experience that's creating the emotion and the emotion that you're creating by thought alone So the body's believing is living in the same past experience 24 hours a day seven days a week 365 days a year
 And so then when those emotions influence certain thoughts, and they do, and then those thoughts create the same emotions, and those same emotions influence the same thoughts, now the entire person's state of being is in the past.
So then, the hardest part about change
 is not making the same choice as you did the day before, period.
The moment you decide to make a different choice, get ready because it's going to feel uncomfortable.
It's going to feel unfamiliar.
There's going to be some uncertainty.
Tom Bilyeu Why does it feel so uncomfortable?
Is it because of the
 The neurons have fired together, wired together, so there's like an easiness to that loop, just because literally, and you've talked very eloquently about this, the way that the neurons connect in the brain, how rapidly, I've seen you show footage of how rapidly those connections happen, which is pretty incredible.
Is that what makes it so discomforting for people?
 They're constantly reaffirming their emotional states.
So when it comes time to give up that emotion, they can say, I really want to do it, but really the body is stronger than the mind because it's been conditioned that way.
 The servant now has become the master and the person all of a sudden, once they step into that unknown, they'd rather feel guilt and suffering because at least they can predict it.
Being in the unknown is a scary place for most people because the unknown is uncertain.
People say to me, well, I can't predict my future.
 I'm in the unknown, and I always say the best way to predict your future is to create it.
Not from the known, but from the unknown.
What thoughts do you want to fire and wire in your brain?
What behaviors do you want to demonstrate in one day?
The act of rehearsing them mentally, closing your eyes, and rehearsing the action.
The rehearsing the reaction of what you want?
Yeah, the action of what you want.
By closing your eyes and mentally rehearsing some action.
 If you're truly present, the brain does not know the difference between what you're imaging and what you're experiencing in 3D world.
So then you begin to install the neurological hardware in your brain to look like the event has already occurred.
Now, your brain is no longer a record of the past.
Now it's a map to the future.
And if you keep doing it, priming it that way, the hardware becomes a software program.
And who knows, you just may start acting like a happy person.
And then I think the hardest part
 is to teach our body emotionally what the future will feel like ahead of the actual experience.
So what does that mean?
You can't wait for your success to feel empowered.
You can't wait for your wealth to feel abundant.
You can't wait for your new relationship to feel love or your healing to feel whole.
 That's the old model of reality of cause and effect, waiting for something outside of us to change how we feel inside of us.
When we feel better inside of us, we pay attention to whoever or whatever caused it.
So please, help me in welcoming the man who has appeared in such films as Heal, People Versus the State of Illusion, and Unleashing Creativity, the author of the recent book, Becoming Supernatural, Dr. Joe Dispenza.
 Thanks for being here.
 That's my passion and I'm witnessing it happening now more than I ever thought I would.
Tom Bilyeu That's incredible.
Joe, thank you so much for being here.
It was amazing having you.
Guys, go watch this man's videos.
They are some of the best explanations of what's going on inside the mind that I've ever come across.
There were several that I literally have people in my life that I'm going to force to sit down and watch these things.
They're just incredible explanations of how you create yourself.
 out of the things that you do habitually, the way that you think creates a feeling, the way that you feel creates thinking that matches that and then you get in this cycle and that coming down to that personality ultimately being a finite set of patterns in your brain I think is really, really illuminating in terms of how we actually experience the world.
 I think when people understand that, that it's within your control, that you don't have to believe every thought that you think, that you can step outside of that, that you can leverage metacognition to think about your thinking and deconstruct it and decide what you want to think about and start focusing on that and create an entirely different version of yourself that has new elevated feelings that's over on the side of the positivity, empowering yourself.
I think it's really incredible and it gets deep into the mechanistic stuff, which I love
 You guys will not regret diving deep into this man's world.
I think you will get some incredible revelations.
All right, if you haven't already, be sure to subscribe, and until next time, my friends, be legendary.
Take care.
Thank you so much for being here.
That was incredible.
Hey everybody, thank you so much for watching and being a part of this community.
If you haven't already, be sure to subscribe.
You're gonna get weekly videos on building a growth mindset, cultivating grit, and unlocking your full potential.
 First of all, I want to just thank you all for the privilege to be here, not only, hopefully, to serve you for a few minutes here, but also to attend.
I have some friends that have gone to TED in the past, and I've been thinking about coming, and I was on the edge, and then I got invited, and I said, I want to come.
So I've attended about two-thirds of this, and I've gotten an enormous amount, not only from the speakers, but from so many people that I've met.
I don't think in all the places I've spoken or been around, and I've been privileged to be in a lot of great places, as I'm sure you have,
 I've never seen such a concentration of both talent, brains, but also passion and a common value.
There's a community here about contribution, and it's really beautiful.
So I thank you.
I'll be back as a participant myself on an ongoing basis, and I thank everybody for their participation as well.
Thank you.
I have to tell you, I'm both challenged and excited.
My excitement is I get a chance to give something back.
My challenge is the shortest seminar I usually do is 50 hours.
 And I'm not exaggerating.
I do weekends.
And what I do, I do more than that, obviously, coach people.
But I'm into immersion.
Because how'd you learn language?
You didn't learn it by just learning principles.
You got in it, and you did it so often that it became real.
And my stuff isn't pre-programmed.
You know, something happens in the room.
I ask a question, and I play off what's going there.
In 17 minutes, that's not going to happen.
I know we're going to put the principles across, and I'm beyond respectful to the format.
I've gotten great value from it, although Lisa Randall I felt very tough for how to explain Einstein's theories in 18 minutes.
 To make sure that you're served, though, because I really came here to serve, is I put some tapes in your box, but I want you to know that if you want to use net time, I call it no extra time to learn some of these things and use them at a deeper level, if you call my office and you're from TED, you're on the list, you can get any product I have, there's no charge for it, and if you ever want to come to a seminar, I'd love to have you as my guest as well for something in more depth.
So my gift to you, please.
Thank you.
 So, the race begins.
I've probably put a lot in here because I really want to try and serve you, and I hope it doesn't just sound like philosophy since we can't do the interaction at the same level, although I hope you'll participate with me a bit.
Didn't have the money.
Didn't have the time.
Didn't have the technology.
I didn't have the right manager.
Didn't have the Supreme Court.
 And... And... What do all those, including the Supreme Court, have in common?
They are a claim to you missing resources.
And they may be accurate.
You may not have the money, you may not have the Supreme Court, but that is not the defining factor.
And you correct me if I'm wrong.
 The defining factor is never resources, it's resourcefulness.
And what I mean specifically, rather than just some phrase, is if you have emotion, human emotion, something that I experienced from you day before yesterday at a level that is as profound as I've ever experienced, and if you'd communicated with that emotion, I believe you would have won.
But how easy for me to tell him what he should do.
 Idiot, Robbins.
But I know when we watched a debate, when we watched the debate at that time, there were emotions that blocked people's ability to get this man's intellect and capacity and the way they came across to some people in that day.
Because I know people that wanted to vote in your direction and didn't, and I was upset.
 but there was emotion that was there.
How many know what I'm talking about here?
Say I. I.
So emotion is in, and if we get the right emotion, we can get ourselves to do anything.
We can get through it.
If you're creative enough, playful enough, fun enough, can you get through to anybody?
Yes or no?
Yes.
So this is the ultimate resource, but this is not the story that people tell us.
 The story people tell us is a bunch of different stories.
They tell us we don't have the resources, but ultimately, if you take a look here, flip it up if you would, they say, what are all the reasons they haven't come?
We've said that, next one please.
He's broken my pattern.
But I appreciated the energy, I'll tell you that.
 What determines your resources?
We've said decisions shape destiny, which is my focus here.
If decisions shape destiny, what determines it is three decisions.
What are you gonna focus on?
Right now, you have to decide what you're gonna focus on.
In this second, consciously or unconsciously, the minute you decide to focus on something, you gotta give it a meaning.
 And whatever that meaning is produces emotion.
Is this the end or the beginning?
Is God punishing me or rewarding me, or is this the roll of the dice?
And emotion then creates what we're gonna do, or the action.
So think about your own life, the decisions that have shaped your destiny.
And that sounds really heavy, but in the last five or 10 years, 15 years, haven't there been some decisions you've made that if you made a different decision, your life would be completely different?
 How many can think of one, honestly?
Better or worse, say aye.
So the bottom line is maybe it was where to go to work and you met the love of your life there.
Maybe it was a career decision.
I know the Google geniuses I saw here.
I mean, I understand that their decision was to sell their technology at first.
What if they made that decision versus to build their own culture?
How would the world be different?
How would their lives be different?
Their impact.
The history of our world is these decisions.
When a woman stands up and says, no, I won't go to the back of the bus.
 She didn't just affect her life.
That decision shaped our culture.
Or someone standing in front of a tank.
Or being in a position like Lance Armstrong and someone says to you, you've got testicular cancer.
That's pretty tough for any male, especially if you ride a bike.
 You got it in your brain, you got it in your lungs.
But what was his decision of what to focus on?
Different than most people.
What did it mean?
It wasn't the end, it was the beginning.
What am I going to do?
That's the difference in human beings that I've seen of the three million that have been around.
Because that's what my lab, I've had three million people.
 from 80 different countries that I've had a chance to interact with over the last 29 years.
And after a while, patterns become obvious.
You see that South America and Africa may be connected in a certain way, right?
Other people say, oh, that sounds ridiculous.
It's simple.
So what shaped Lance?
What shapes you?
Two invisible forces, very quickly.
One, state.
 We all have had times, have you had a time you did something and after you did it, you thought to yourself, I can't believe I said that, I can't believe I did that, that was so stupid, who's been there, say I.
Have you ever done something after you do it, you go, that was me.
It wasn't your ability, it was your state.
I should be able to change that quickly, but what I wanna finish with quickly here is your model of the world is what shapes you long-term.
Your model of the world is the filter.
 That's what's shaping us.
That's what makes people make decisions.
We wanna influence somebody, we gotta know what already influences them.
And it's made up of three parts, I believe.
First, what's your target?
What are you after?
Which I believe, it's not your desires.
You can get your desires and goals.
How many of you ever got a goal, desire, and thought, is this all there is?
How many been there?
Say I. I.
 So it's needs we have.
I believe there are six human needs.
Second, once you know what the target that's driving you is and you uncover it for the truth, you don't form it, you uncover it, then you find out what's your map, what's the belief systems that are telling you how to get those needs.
Some people think the way to get those needs is destroy the world, some people it's to build something, create something, love someone.
And then there's the fuel you pick.
So very quickly, six needs, let me tell you what they are.
First one, certainty.
 Now, these are not goals or desires.
These are universal.
Everyone needs certainty that they can avoid pain and at least be comfortable.
Now, how do you get it?
Control everybody, develop a skill, give up, smoke a cigarette.
And if you got totally certain, ironically, even though we all need that, like you're not certain about your health or your children or money, you don't think about much more.
You're not sure the ceiling's going to hold up.
You can listen to any speaker.
Didn't know enough.
Didn't have the knowledge.
And what I did to people is I said, what are we going to focus on?
 What does this mean and what are we gonna do?
And I took the group and got people to focus on it.
If you didn't lose somebody today, your focus could be how to serve somebody else.
There are people, there were one who got him, she was so angry and screaming and yelling.
She wasn't from New York, she's not an American, she doesn't know anybody here.
I said, you always get angry.
She said, yes.
Guilty people got guilty, sad people got sad.
And I took these two men and did what I call an indirect negotiation.
Jewish man with family in the occupied territory, some New York who would have died if he was at work that day.
 and this man who wanted to be a terrorist and made it very clear.
And the integration that happened is on a film, which I'll be happy to send you, so you can really see what actually happened instead of my verbalization of it.
But the two of them not only came together and changed their beliefs and models of the world, but they worked together to bring, for almost four years now, to various mosques and synagogues, the idea of how to create peace.
And he wrote a book, which is called My Jihad, My Way of Peace.
So transformation can happen.
So my invitation to you is this.
Explore your web, the web in here.
 the needs, the beliefs, the emotions that are controlling you for two reasons.
So there's more of you to give and achieve too.
We all want to do it, but I mean, give, because that's, what's going to fill you up.
And secondly, so you can appreciate, not just understand that's intellectual, that's mine, but appreciate what's driving other people.
It's the only way our world's going to change.
God bless you.
Thank you.
I hope this was service.
 Thank you very much.
Thank you.
 That is the stupidest thing you can ever do.
What is the most important thing for someone who's just trying to grow their money?
So I learned this from my mother, and I actually built a whole company around it.
Yeah, there she is.
So...
I haven't seen that picture in a while.
 Damn.
I mean, what she did, the performance was extraordinary.
And with that, she put my brother and I through college.
She took care of her family, and they fell on hard times.
When I saw the results, I said, that's it.
That's how I'm going to invest for the rest of my life.
So talk me through this.
I want as much detail as possible.
OK, let's start with this.
 Kevin O'Leary, a.k.a.
Mr.
Wonderful, is the self-made millionaire and investor who's built and sold companies for billions.
There's a lot of people that don't like me for my blindness.
I don't care.
Because there's people that don't think ahead and find themselves mired in debt, but then pissing away money, spending $28 for lunch.
I mean, that's just stupid.
What about the house?
The mistake that people make is they buy too much house.
Never let the mortgage and the cost of maintaining the house be more than one-third of your income.
 How much does the person that you fall in love with have an impact?
Are you kidding?
It's everything.
And I did some research.
Most marriages can survive infidelity.
They can't survive financial stress.
But if everybody that's listening does this one thing, you will have over a million and a half dollars.
Kevin, can anybody be an entrepreneur?
No.
Only a third of people can become successful entrepreneurs because there's a couple of things that you must achieve to be successful.
First...
 Kevin, I'm going to ask you to do something which is quite difficult because I'd find it quite hard if someone asked me to do this.
But before we get into the detail, can you give me a 30,000 foot view on your entrepreneurship and investing career?
Just the three bullet points that are most pertinent before we dig into those specifics.
It looks beautiful.
Get that.
You said, you know, don't buy the house until you meet your partner, et cetera.
How much does the person that you fall in love with have an impact on your finances, your money, your chance of success in your view?
It's everything.
Are you kidding?
I mean, it's everything.
If you read, I mean, think about this.
 You need to find somebody, if you're an entrepreneur, so that's for the, we're talking about the third now that want to go on the rocket ship ride.
You better find somebody that's willing to tolerate the fact that you're never home for the first 10 years.
They're going to raise a family by themselves because there's no balance in life.
That idea of balance is complete bullshit.
I mean, it's just bullshit.
 You have to work so hard to compete globally these days in every sector.
You're going to work your ass off.
And it's not going to happen over...
I mean, Anna Sky did it in three years, but she had worked much harder previously.
It was not her first deal.
But she was just lucky.
I mean, she... Was this the cat DNA?
The cat thing, yeah.
I mean, she...
But she's, you know, she's working again.
She's back.
She wants to work.
I mean, that's what happens.
You never stop working.
But the thing is,
 That partnership, and this is what people don't get about marriage.
 Marriage is a business.
I know people go nuts when I say that, but it's a business.
And the first child you're going to have is money.
It's going to be the first child, and it's going to sit at the table with you every day.
It's there, sitting there.
If you don't have money, you don't have a marriage.
I mean, the reason people get married is to form a form of financial stability so that they can afford a family.
And you have to figure out
 You know, I've been with my wife a long time, and we've been separated for a couple of years.
But, you know, family is very important to me, so we got back together again, and our daughter got us back together, and I'm very happy we did it.
But it's  we make financial decisions together.
If you get the first two right and you don't know your numbers, you deserve to burn in hell and I'll put you there myself.
I mean, you wasted an opportunity for an entrepreneur that did know their numbers that could have been in that spot that I could have invested in.
You don't know your numbers.
I'd take you up behind the barn and shoot you.
You should have brought somebody.
 that understands the language of business because those three together are the definition of leadership right there.
I've never heard someone talk about aura in entrepreneurship quite like that.
And I was just trying to, for the people listening that are either trying to figure out if they have an aura or to grow that aura.
What does it look and feel like?
 Is it physically?
Is it shoulders back?
Is it, you said it's eye contact?
Or is it indescribable?
And do you think you could take someone who doesn't have that aura in business and teach them it?
Does business give you that aura?
I think you can teach it.
I certainly try and teach it to my children.
I try and teach it to my students.
 And the best way to do it is to look at yourself in the mirror sometime.
You know, just, what do you look like to yourself?
You know, if you're going to go make a presentation to take down a million dollar line of credit or something, you want to dress the part, obviously.
But you're going to walk in a room with, you know, a lone officer and maybe an assistant, maybe one other, depending on the size of the deal.
 they'll never met you probably, and you're going to have to project yourself in those seconds as you're walking up to shake their hands.
What does that take?
It takes an aura of confidence, and it's in the eyes, it's in the way you're standing, it's in how the way you're dressed.
It's not a joke to be dressed for success, you know, it's...
Because, you know, making wealth, I kind of understand through the lens of entrepreneurship, take a big bet, hopefully have an exit or, you know, draw a dividend or make profit from a company you've started.
But in terms of what you did and your relationship with your money, what is the most important things for someone to understand who's just trying to grow their money?
Yeah, you know, I learned this from my mother and I actually built a whole indexing company around it.
 When I was very young, I found out something.
So she was fiercely independent.
She's one of three daughters of Lebanese descent.
My Irish father, my father, my original father, biological father was Irish.
She didn't, yeah, there she is, Georgette.
 I haven't seen that picture in a while.
She was very independent, and she never ever wanted a man to control her life, so she started at an early age when she was working for her father.
They paid the girls, the family all worked there, and she worked in the accounting department.
 in billing, but she got paid cash.
And so she would take 20% of that cash each week.
 For many years, you've probably seen this iPad sat in front of me.
You've probably wondered what's on it, and I'm going to tell you today, because they're now our show sponsor, thankfully.
It's an app called GoodNotes, and it's where I store all of my research, all of my information, but also where I take notes in real time when the guest is speaking to me.
I love this app.
 because it's so dynamic, but also because of this new feature, which is called Ask Goodnotes.
It's basically my AI companion.
I can search the 200 pages sometimes of notes and information that I have in front of me in just seconds.
I can type into the Ask Goodnotes feature, what was the name of Kevin's mother?
 I'm speaking to Kevin O'Leary on the podcast, he starts talking about his mother, I have a couple of seconds to figure out what she's called so I can ask him a question about her in a polite way.
AskGoodNotes looks through all of my notes, responds back to me in seconds.
If you're someone that loves taking notes but your notes are a mess and you can't read your own handwriting, i.e.
me, I think GoodNotes might be the solution for you.
And AskGoodNotes, which is their new AI feature,
 might just be the tool that turns you into an organized person.
That's certainly how it feels for me.
So I asked GoodNotes if they would give my listeners a 30-day free trial to try it out, and they've given us one on iOS and Mac.
So if you want to use that 30-day free trial, go to goodnotes.com slash DOAC or sign up now for your yearly subscription for just $9.99 per year.
That's $9.99 per year.
Go to goodnotes.com slash DOAC.
 I've built companies from scratch and backed many more and there's a blind spot that I keep seeing in early stage founders.
They spend very little time thinking about HR and it's not because they're reckless or they don't care, it's because they're obsessed with building their companies and I can't fault them for that.
 At that stage, you're thinking about the product, how to attract new customers, how to grow your team, really how to survive.
And HR slips down the list because it doesn't feel urgent.
But sooner or later, it is.
I said, no.
I just don't want to be associated.
It's the same idea.
Intuitively, it was noise.
 Yeah, and what that would do is some opportunity you don't know about down the future, that you pursued some goal that somehow tainted your brand, and that opportunity never comes to you.
You're the captain of your brand.
You have to define yourself right through the journey.
It's hard.
It's really hard.
 It's really hard.
And if there's going to be a downfall for you, you will have chosen unwisely somewhere.
But it better not be for money.
There should never be an amount that you would take because if your gut says no, it doesn't matter what the money is.
Not after what you've achieved.
 I mean, you don't need to buy a guarantee anymore.
You got it.
I'm assuming you've put some away.
I mean, it's very simple.
If you've got five million bucks in the bank, you can do whatever you want now.
I mean, it may sound, I want more, but that is enough.
Always have, always.
I have an account that just sits there with five million bucks in it, in T-bills.
I never touch it.
 That's my nest egg.
Kevin, thank you.
You got it.
 What's up, Naval?
Thanks for coming.
Which mic are we using?
We're going to use this, and this is for a camera.
The other one's for a camera.
Oh, I see.
OK, great.
So Naval was actually here.
I don't know.
I didn't tell you this, but you actually did this a number of years ago when the event was much smaller.
And I was looking at the attendee list of the last event that you came and spoke at, the last intern palooza you came and spoke at.
And Dylan Field was interning at Flipboard at the time.
 Wow, that long ago.
That long ago.
And so I appreciate you spending time again with all of us today.
Will the next Dylan Field please stand up?
 I have a number of questions I want to ask you today.
I'll kick it off with that you have famously said, earn with your mind and not your time.
If you were an intern in the audience today and you were 21 with no money but a lot of time and an internet connection, how would you spend your time?
 Yeah, when I say earn with your mind, not with your time, I don't necessarily mean that you don't have to work hard.
You have to work as hard as you possibly can, but there's only a limited number of hours in the week, 168 or something like that.
So it's not the fact that you can win by out-earning somebody else.
Can you do it by being more clever, more intelligent?
 Yes, but you also have to know how to direct your time and your mind because life is full of compounding.
Like every little decision you make adds up to bigger and bigger decisions.
And so you got to get the big decisions right and you have to know how to allocate your time well.
You made the biggest decision correctly, which is you're in the tech industry in the Bay Area.
So that's a couple of cheat codes right there.
You're at the forefront of
 the smartest people in the world.
You're working alongside the smartest people in the world.
You're in the largest concentration of high IQ motivated people.
But I think the way we'll just settle that is we'll probably just pick the three people in the company who have the best taste.
And we know who those are.
You can tell by the way they dress and the way they behave and what their house looks like, right?
And those three will basically vote on it.
 And so you've worked on multiple startups.
How do you know when to, what you're doing is, you should stop or you should keep going before you have any kind of traction?
Yeah, I think people run out of energy and they'll start feeling burned out.
And burnout to me is a clear case that you're not enjoying this anymore.
And if you're not enjoying this anymore, you should probably stop working on it.
So I don't believe in this temporary model of burnout where people are like, oh, I'm burned out, but if I take two months off or just,
 ramped down a little bit, then I'll come back and it'll be better than ever.
No, it doesn't work that way.
Generally, I've seen people who are working around the clock, but because they really enjoy what they're doing, and the company's doing well, or the product is going somewhere, or there's clear, meaningful progress being made,
 either in product development or in deployment, they don't burn out.
Whereas you'll see some good people have left, it's not clear where things are going to go, that's when people start, quote-unquote, burning out.
But I don't think burnout is a temporary phenomenon.
I think it's a deeper indication that probably you should be working on something else or just really, like, move it to the next thing, which might require a break, but it's not that you're burned out and you'll come back on this thing.
 Do you think there's sort of, you know, people often recount Elon kind of starting with something easy and then graduating to something harder to work on.
Do you think that's a fair line of thought in 2025, or should that be rethought as people think about the various things they want to do with their lives?
Yeah, so Elon did, what, Zip2, and then he did X, which was PayPal, which was his bank, and then he did SpaceX and Tesla and SolarCity.
 I have definitely noticed a tendency amongst founders that they do deep tech startups later.
Or you kind of realize like...
 Actually, what I want to do is I want to self-actualize.
I want to be the best version of myself.
And what does the best version of myself mean?
That means creating something.
It's better to create than to consume.
It's far more fulfilling and you learn along the way and you build.
And then what do I want to create?
Well, I want to create something beautiful that I'm passionate about that I want to use that other people won't do well or won't do right or won't do in my time frame.
 And then how do I want to do it?
Well, I want to do it with friends, people that I really respect, really admire, that I enjoy spending time with.
And then you can kind of craft that perfect team.
And I wish I'd kind of had that kind of motivation and insight, you know, 20, 30 years ago.
I'm not sure I could have, though.
You know, sometimes you just have to follow the path and see how it plays out.
Are there people that you met when you were 20 or 21 or 22 that you still work with today?
 Yeah, you know, one funny thing is when I first got into the industry, there were a lot of people around that I met, but there were a few that I just gravitated towards because they were so intelligent and so interesting and so talented.
 And I remember at the time thinking, man, what an unfair world that these super talented, interesting, engaged people are not that are getting all the fame or the credit.
And the reality is now I look back 20, 30 years later and those people, they're all incredibly successful.
They're all reasonably famous and they've all gone on to do great things with almost no exception.
So if you find somebody who's
 genuinely talented, intellectually curious, hardworking, high integrity.
Mark my words, I guarantee you that 20 years from now, those people will be successful.
And I wish I'd just invested in our state close to every single one of them.
I can't think of a single exception.
Yeah.
What else?
So everyone here is kind of doing, or most people here are doing an internship right now.
They have come from all over the United States.
They're here for the very first time.
And so when you came here for the very first time, what were some of the things that you did?
It was one of those fintech kind of companies, or it was Twitch or something.
And you see kind of similar track record with other entrepreneurs.
Sam Altman did Looped, and then he did OpenAI.
I'm now working in hardware.
 But I actually started my career in hardware.
My first company was building linear optical amplifiers.
So back in the day, it was even more deep tech.
 I think some of that is the times, right?
Because AI is making software dev so easy, and SaaS and software in general feels quite saturated.
Some of that is inspiration.
When you're watching companies like SpaceX and OpenAI and Tesla, and you see what an impact Apple has had and so on, then I think people feel inspired.
Some of it is because of supply chains.
It's easier to do hardware companies than it has been in the past, because you can build up these supply chains.
 So I think you should go to whatever you're most inspired by.
The nice thing about deep tech is you get to learn a lot.
The learning curve is insane.
You have less competition.
You're probably doing something that is more meaningful or more impactful, possibly.
 It depends on the details, of course.
The downside is it's way harder.
Your odds of success are much lower.
There are many cases of otherwise successful-looking products.
These are products you use every day or that you aspire to build, that you think these are great companies with great products, but the founders didn't make any money.
The investors didn't make any money because they got wiped out along the way.
It took too much money.
 Or they build what looks like a great product, and it's good for all of one or two years, and then it gets cloned in China or Korea.
And then there's a zillion clones of an Alibaba, and there's no ability to monetize.
So it is actually quite a bit harder.
And the team you have to assemble, it's more difficult.
But actually I would say if you're going to start in deep tech, it's better to start early.
 because when you're early, your failures are more forgivable, especially like, you know, pre-25, like there's a lot less pressure.
I guess today you'd call me an incel, but I was definitely extremely introverted.
And even to the extent that I connected with people who were really smart, I didn't make an effort to stay in touch with them.
That's fine.
I mean, I don't regret it.
But at the same time, I think
 There's probably some version of the world where I'd met like my co-founder while I was there who was like an incredible coder, incredible builder, but I just wasn't thinking that way at that time.
That was a long time ago.
Should you finish school or not?
Probably, especially if you're getting a worthwhile degree, you know, if you're getting a degree in
 some social science, then I would question that.
I'm not sure how useful that would be.
But if you're getting a degree where what you're doing with that degree will be tested by either nature or free markets,
 If it's going to get feedback from a source of reality, then that's probably worthwhile.
On the other hand, if you're getting a degree in something where your main feedback is from other people, like people grading you or giving you awards, then I would argue it's a bullshit degree and you should probably switch away from it or just forget about it.
It's a waste of your time.
Raise your hand if you're studying engineering.
If you're not, you should consider switching.
 It's about the classes, it's about learning.
So I think anything where you're really bending your mind and you're learning how reality works and your work will be tested by having to build something that works in the real world or by compiling something that a computer will actually execute or by selling something that people in the market will buy.
 Those are real skills.
But if you're writing elaborate papers with lots of citations, and then your professors are checking the box and saying, oh my god, this is like the best paper in this, and you're going to get studied in a journal, and you're going to win an award, that's bullshit.
That's not real.
So if you're getting your accolades from other people or from reviewers or graders, it's nonsense.
You're not really learning anything.
But you might be having a good time in school.
It might be a good party.
Well, I think that's a great way to conclude.
Thank you, Nival, for spending time with everyone.
Thanks for having me.
 Now, the background, when I was asked to make this presentation, it took me a while to decide what to talk about.
And since I have a finance perspective, I had somehow to bring in some finance.
And more specifically, the psychology of finance.
 Okay, so here it is.
One of my biggest hobby is myth-busting.
That means taking some concepts, I've been doing that all my life.
You hear things a thousand times, after a while you start believing it's the truth, right?
And it takes a while to realize sometimes it's just conditioning.
 Okay, so I enjoy doing that with small things and big things.
So I will combine myth-busting with finance, and I will give you my statements in a few minutes.
Okay, so I teach finance, I've been doing it for 20 years.
 It's funny, it's fun, can be boring sometimes, but it's a very interesting topic.
I've done some research about it, and for the past few years, I'm also trading financial instruments.
You know what that means, right?
And since I'm doing trading and I'm researching traders, do you know that traders, you know, people who buy and sell stocks,
 Currencies, right?
You understand that.
The success rate is less than 5%.
That means if we have 100 people here, less than 5 will make money.
Sometimes even less than that.
So why is that?
So we prolonge the good situations and we shorten the bad situations.
And this is the probability mindset, this is how you win.
This is similar to what people say, you know, you do it over,
 If you fail, you do it over.
You fail, you keep doing it until you succeed.
It's kind of similar, but it's not exact same.
It's a probability way of thinking.
Now, the interesting part is that, and here it's a little bit controversial because positivity is really a big thing for everybody, right?
 Well, these guys, they don't do what they do in terms of positivity, okay?
And I will go as far as there is a confusion of what positivity is, because I don't really think positivity gets you the good things, okay?
It's other things that will get you there.
Positivity is more like sugar, it makes you feel good, right?
But since we live in a world of duality, if you think about positive, there is no way that you can forget about negative things, okay?
So it's a tricky concept.
 So it's not about positivity.
Positivity is the future, it's not now.
These guys are not about hope, again.
Hope is similar to positivity.
I'm not really saying these things are bad.
What I'm saying is that they have a dark side to them.
Positivity and hope can be very tricky.
I know people who've been positive all their life,
 And they really haven't done much.
But when you see them, they're positive.
You know, if you throw something bad at them, they will look at it from a perspective and they will interpret it as being good.
So they're always playing this ping pong game of good, bad, good, bad.
You cannot think about bad.
 and not good, or think about good and not bad.
So you're always playing this ping-pong game, and it's very tiring, believe me.
It can be very tiring for some people, okay?
So no positivity, no hope.
And this, in a sort of funny way, can be fueled by sugar.
I mean, if you wanna motivate yourself all the time, keep repeating affirmation all the time, keep doing all this, you might have to eat a lot of sugar, because you need that energy.
It's an energy that you need that will go away.
So I know a lot of fat, positive people, I'm sorry about that, but that's...
 It's one of the risks if you use positivity in, I would say, a wrong way.
And it can lead to depression.
I mean, there are scientific studies about this.
People tend to ignore the dark side of these things.
But there are some negative or some studies that actually link positivity to depression.
Why?
Because of this gap that I said, the gap between what you want, what you really want, and what you have, and that you cannot close.
 By not closing it, you can have some mental issues, okay?
All right, so we wanna replace positivity and hope with clarity and focus, okay?
So clarity and focus, that means you are here, okay?
Not there, I'm not in tomorrow.
 I'm not in the other building, I am here, I'm watching you.
I'm trying to feel you, I'm trying to feel the building without any biased judgment.
Okay, this is what clarity is.
I'm empty in my mind, so I cannot judge you based on my programs, so I can judge you as you are.
Okay, this is what clarity is.
 And of course, focus goes with clarity.
That means I have to find a way to focus on you, to be here, right here, right now, okay?
So I really believe that a lot of people who make it, who do good things, they talk about positivity, but somehow they have this clear mind, okay?
Okay, that's part of the nature of the game.
And to them, when you see them, a successful trader is, you know, when they win, make money or lose money, it's exactly the same thing.
You will find the same, they will still go out there and do the same routine and do the same thing, do their exercise, have their dinner at the same time, et cetera.
Nothing really changes.
 So they have this poker life, they don't show their face.
And that's really the nature, the characteristic of this personality.
They have also what we call a probability mindset.
And here I'm about to get into my statement.
And what is a probability mindset?
A probability mindset, that means they think in terms of probability.
And this is not very natural.
Very few people can think in terms of probability.
 What does it mean, I really think, in terms of probability?
They don't think in a deterministic way, like people who would like to have a fixed salary, would like to have a fixed life, would like to know what they will have for dinner tonight, et cetera.
No, these guys, they can have a winning month, they can have a losing month, et cetera.
So probability means that
 They get into something and they know the probability of success and the probability of failure.
Just like when you flip a coin, right?
You flip a coin, what is the probability that you will have head?
50%, right?
So you don't know exactly in each flip if it will be head or tail, right?
But you know if you do it 10,000 times, what will happen?
 It will be 50-50.
This is how they think.
Try to find or learn some tools that will help you clear your mind.
Okay?
Learn to live in the moment, right now.
You know, I want to be here, not there.
I want to judge things as they are, not as I am.
That's another way of saying, walk the path of probability.
 the path of the probability is repeating the same thing exactly without thinking over and over and over and over and over, right?
And the statistic will be on your side at the end.
By probability, you will win when you do it hundred, there is nothing, it's not a miracle, it's purely mechanical.
When you repeat things over and over, statistically speaking, you will, if you choose a good distribution, you will win, okay?
 So it's not magical, okay?
It's exactly like a blind walks, right?
A blind walks successfully by going this way, then this way, then this way.
It's never a straight path, okay?
That's the probability's way of thinking, okay?
Well, how do you have a clear mind?
 Well, I'm sure there are many ways, but to me, I think the best way is just learn how to breathe.
It's as simple as that.
Simple does not mean easy, right?
 Simple just means that the path is very clear.
If you learn how to breathe, I'm not necessarily talking about meditation.
When you learn how to focus on your breathing, you learn to become single-minded.
If you focus on your breathing, you are here, okay?
So this is an exercise that you can read about it, research it, but it's clarity or mind clarity is directly linked to meditation.
 to how you breathe.
If you breathe well, if you learn how to breathe, you will have a clearer mind and maybe you will become a good trader.
Okay?
Thank you very much.
 Okay, so today I'm going to share some rules of money that are incredibly important to understand and potentially to adhere to.
So we're going to just jump into this right now.
We don't want to beat around the bush, but if you're new here to the channel and you want to learn more about these topics, then make sure you're subscribed to the channel and you drop a like on the video.
And let's just get started here.
So the first thing that we need to understand is that money is simply just a tool.
And I hear so many people from time to time saying that money is inherently evil.
It's something that you should never think about or consider.
 I think this is kind of the wrong idea.
Now, while money and finances can certainly skew people's morals and corrupt certain people, it's something that's simply just a tool and it can be used for good and for bad.
And so the point here is that let's just take, for example, let's say that you wanted to fix
 a homeless problem in, say, your local city, right?
And so, one stance could be, well, you could go and donate 30 hours a week at the local homeless shelter.
Now, that could be very, very effective, and obviously, everybody appreciates that very much.
Or, if you had money, what if you built 100 homeless shelters?
 So you see kind of the point there that it's not necessarily that money's evil.
There's certainly things you can do with it that can be very beneficial to society, to others.
So kind of having the mindset that you should never think about it, that you should never desire having any money, I think it's sort of a flawed way to think about it.
So just understand that it's a tool that can be used for good or for bad.
 Now, the next one here is to think about taxes.
Now, for some reason, whenever we make a video about taxes on this channel, while I'm not an accountant, I'm not a financial advisor, sometimes we discuss ways to save money with taxes, and people tend to just not really care about it.
They don't click on the videos, they don't watch the videos when we talk about taxes, but people are leaving so much money on the table by simply
 not filing for their tax returns for 2020.
We're coming up on tax season here.
People don't like thinking about it, but I see so many people leave money on the table because they don't understand how it works.
 year they were spending more than they were making and so this is why a lot of people who think that money will fix their issues of if they're poor now and they have no money now that if they just make more money it's going to fix their problems for a lot of cases that's not true and it's not true because they don't have the basic
 understanding of finances and a great financial groundwork in order to actually start to save, to start to build wealth, to start to invest.
And so just remember lifestyle inflation that if you're making $1,000 a month now and you scale it up to $10,000 a month, but when you're making $10,000 a month, you go out and you buy a really nice car, you go out and you get an expensive penthouse apartment,
 That's lifestyle inflation.
As I've been scaling my income over the past couple of years quite drastically, my expenses have stayed somewhat the same.
I've increased them ever so slightly, but not at the rate of which they would be.
The next one that...
 I kind of want to bring up here is that money generally follows attention.
So this is something that I did with this channel.
You don't have to do the same thing, but generally speaking, understanding this idea that money follows attention is going to help you make a lot more in the future.
So just by thinking about it, that you don't always want to go just for the money right away.
For example, for this channel,
 I started this almost 3 years ago now, and I really didn't make any money on this channel for the first year, then the second year I made a little bit, then the third year it's been starting to roll in a lot faster.
But I did that because I didn't want to focus on the money, but realized that if I could get more attention, if I could get more views on my videos, if I could put out more videos, that generally the money will follow.
 later, later down the road.
 your knowledge, right?
And it's hard to put a price on that and that's why I actually reached out to Audible to see if they wanted to sponsor this video and they said yes.
So you can start listening with a 30-day Audible trial absolutely free.
You get one free audiobook and then you get two Audible originals absolutely free for a 30-day trial.
 So I will leave a link down below.
It's going to be audible.com slash Nate O'Brien.
That's audible.com slash Nate O'Brien or just text Nate O'Brien to 500-500.
That's Nate O'Brien to 500-500.
But they have a number of different selections on there that you can listen to.
I love to do this when I'm just on a train somewhere, I'm on a plane, I'm going for a run somewhere and it's nice to just be able to listen to a book.
 and continuously build my human capital.
It's a wonderful investment from my perspective.
And right now I'm listening to The Alchemist, which I'm not sure how I haven't gotten to this one yet.
It's a 2020 and I'm finally getting to this audio book.
But like I said, I will leave a link down below and you guys know.
 I very rarely do any sponsors on this channel.
I only work with companies that I truly find very valuable and ones that I actually use myself.
So let's move on with this video.
Let's talk about the next sort of rule of money or law of money that I think is very essential.
And that is understanding that there are different types of debt that can be good or bad.
There's good debt and there's bad debt.
Now, this is kind of an area where a lot of people go wrong, where maybe they just assume that all debt is absolutely terrible and they should stay away from it.
 Now, some people might want to do that, especially if you've had a lot of problems paying off bills, paying off debt in the past.
But it's okay to understand that, look, there are types of debt that people can actually use for leverage.
They can make money off of those types of debt.
For example, real estate.
Now, this goes wrong in some cases.
Look at when people are buying houses in 2005, 2006, even 2007 at peak prices, and then they came crashing down.
It didn't really work out when people were
 really leveraging their money and maybe they had no job, no income and they were getting a $300,000 mortgage that did happen about 12 years ago or 13 years ago now.
So I think there is sort of a level there where it's okay to spend some money if you already have that nice financial net going for yourself.
 All right, so the next rule is to build some type of buffer.
Now look, I've said this before, but every time that any of my friends from college or anybody around me says, Nate, what do I do?
What's the first step to just creating some peace of mind with finances, with money?
It's simply just create a buffer.
So if you are living paycheck to paycheck, and it doesn't matter if you make $100,000 a year or $10,000 a year, just having a buffer of $1,000, of two, three, four, $5,000, whatever you can afford, build it up,
 And it's sort of this emergency fund and it's going to give you such peace of mind if you lose your job, if something happens, if suddenly you have to pay for a $2,000 random expense that pops up out of nowhere, you can cover it.
And it's just going to give you, it's going to alleviate so much pressure.
I've seen it from time to time from so many people.
And as I said, I'm not a financial advisor, but this is just something that I think everybody needs to have is an emergency fund or some type of buffer that you can then start worrying about paying off your debt.
You can then start worrying about all these other things in life, but just having that buffer
 That's incredibly important.
So the next rule here that you really want to consider is what we're going to call the law of capital.
See, we can kind of tie this back into economics a little bit, but there's really two types of capital.
There's physical capital and there's human capital.
So we could think about how we invest, right?
And so maybe you could buy real estate, you could have gold, you could have cash in your hands.
That would be physical capital.
 But then there's also something called human capital.
And this is something that I think everybody should really just be aware of.
And that is by thinking about investing into yourself.
So, for example, if you wanted to build your human capital, you could read books, you could go to college, you could spend $100,000 on a college education.
Is it worth it?
Maybe, maybe not.
Statistically, it still is worth it to go to college in most cases.
 back when I was in school there were a couple of kids whose parents would pick them up in really nice cars sometimes they were Escalades or some Porsches and and and and so you would always just assume that these people must be really wealthy they must be rich but once I got older I realized that most of those parents they were poor because they maybe were making $150,000 per year but they were spending $200,000 per
 And so that's why, for example, buying a Rolex, I don't have a Rolex, this is not nearly as expensive as a Rolex, but buying a Rolex is not the worst thing to buy because it generally holds its value over a long period of time.
It's debatable, but there's some things that if you buy them and you enjoy them, they might hold their value over the long period of time.
Whereas a car, for example, don't get me started on cars, but they rust, rot, and depreciate very, very quickly.
They are incredibly, incredibly just devaluing every single year.
 Obviously, you might need a car, but the point here is to just think about the purchases that you're making and just say, what is the value of this item?
And if it's a box of cereal, what's the value of this item going to be in five years?
And if it's cereal, it's going to be $0.
Well, you obviously need some food.
But if you're buying something else and you're buying some furniture, what's the value of this going to be in five years?
And just start to think about these things.
If you can maybe put some money into things that gain value over time, then it could be worth your time to look into.
 And the final one here that we're gonna wrap it up with, and I think I've ended some other videos like this as well, so maybe you've heard of it, but it is very, just something that I take very seriously.
And that's just to understand that money does not make you happy.
And if you're at a moment in your life right now where you're not happy, you're depressed, something's wrong,
 I'm
 making more money might not be the number one solution.
There's gonna be other things.
It can certainly help.
It can certainly help pay your water bill and help you from getting evicted from your apartment.
Thanks for watching the video.
I'm excited for next week's video.
If you guys haven't subscribed yet, make sure you do so.
Drop a like, leave a comment down below, and I'll see everybody next week.
 Thank you, my friends.
The sun may have set over our city this evening, but as Eugene Debs once said, I can see the dawn of a better day for humanity.
 For as long as we can remember, the working people of New York have been told by the wealthy and the well-connected that power does not belong in their hands.
Fingers bruised from lifting boxes on the warehouse floor.
Palms calloused from delivery bike handlebars.
Knuckles scarred with kitchen burns.
These are not hands that have been allowed to hold power.
 And yet, over the last 12 months, you have dared to reach for something greater.
 Thank you for the opportunity to prove myself worthy of your trust.
I will wake each morning with a singular purposeto make this city better for you than it was the day before.
There are many who thought this day would never come, who feared that we would be condemned only to a future of less, with every election consigning us simply to more of the same.
 And there are others who see politics today as too cruel for the flame of hope to still burn.
New York, we have answered those fears.
Tonight, we have spoken in a clear voice.
Hope is alive.
 Hope is a decision that tens of thousands of New Yorkers made day after day, volunteer shift after volunteer shift, despite attack ad after attack ad.
More than a million of us stood in our churches, in gymnasiums, in community centers, as we filled in the ledger of democracy.
 And while we cast our ballots alone, we chose hope together.
Hope over tyranny.
Hope over big money and small ideas.
Hope over despair.
We won because New Yorkers allowed themselves to hope that the impossible could be made possible.
 And we won because we insisted that no longer would politics be something that is done to us.
Now it is something that we do.
 After all, if anyone can show a nation betrayed by Donald Trump how to defeat him, it is the city that gave rise to him.
And if there is any way to terrify a despot, it is by dismantling the very conditions that allowed him to accumulate power.
 This is not only how we stop Trump, it's how we stop the next one.
So Donald Trump, since I know you're watching, I have four words for you.
Turn the volume up.
 We will hold bad landlords to account, because the Donald Trumps of our city have grown far too comfortable taking advantage of their tenants.
We will put an end to the culture of corruption that has allowed billionaires like Trump to evade taxation and exploit tax breaks.
We will stand alongside unions and expand labor protections, because we know
 To every New Yorker in Kensington and Midwood and Hunts Point, know this.
This city is your city, and this democracy is yours, too.
This campaign is about people like Wesley, an 1199 organizer I met outside of Elmhurst Hospital on Thursday night.
 A New Yorker who lives elsewhere, who commutes two hours each way from Pennsylvania because rent is too expensive in this city.
It's about people like the woman I met on the BX33 years ago, who said to me, I used to love New York, but now it's just where I live.
And it's about people like Richard,
 The taxi driver I went on a 15-day hunger strike with outside of City Hall, who still has to drive his cab seven days a week.
My brother, we are in City Hall now.
This victory is for all of them, and it's for all of you.
 the more than 100,000 volunteers who built this campaign into an unstoppable force.
Because of you, we will make this city one that working people can love and live in again.
 With every door knocked, every petition signature earned, and every hard-earned conversation, you eroded the cynicism that has come to define our politics.
 just as Donald Trump does, that when working people have ironclad rights, the bosses who seek to extort them become very small indeed.
New York will remain a city of immigrants, a city built by immigrants, powered by immigrants,
 And as of tonight, led by an immigrant.
So hear me, President Trump, when I say this.
To get to any of us, you will have to get through all of us.
Let the words we've spoken together, the dreams we've dreamt together, become the agenda we deliver together.
New York, this power,
 It's yours.
This city belongs to you.
Thank you.
 is
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the channel.
In this video, we're gonna go through my entire AI workflow as an entrepreneur.
So hopefully there'll be something in here that's useful for you.
And just as a heads up, this video is very excitingly being sponsored by Anthropic.
All right, so before we go into the workflow, I would like to zoom out a little bit and opine about...
 Work.
What does work actually mean?
Well, in very general terms, work happens when we take an input, we do some stuff to it, i.e.
we process it, and then we get some kind of output.
So for example, in the agricultural era, your input would have been seeds, for example.
The processing is done by sunlight and water and nature and stuff like that.
 and your output is that you get your wheat or whatever as your harvested crop.
And so back in the day, the work of the farmer was to take the raw input of seeds and do the processing to it along with nature and stuff and then harvest the output.
Then you go forward a few thousand years and now maybe your input is trees.
Your processing is, I don't know, a chainsaw or an ax or whatever.
And then your output is like sticks of wood.
And then maybe someone else might take those sticks of wood as an input.
Maybe their processing is doing like woodworking and stuff.
 And then the output might be a table or a desk or a chair or whatever the thing might be.
And generally the value of the outputs, if you're doing it properly, is greater than the value of the inputs plus the labor cost of processing.
And therefore you have created value because someone else is going to pay more for that table that you created compared to the raw material cost of the wood.
So we have the agricultural era, which is all about creating food.
Then we get the industrial revolution and the industrial era, which is all about creating stuff in the real world, cars and trains and railroads and all of the fun stuff.
 But over the last 75 years or so, we have all basically, like if you're watching this, you are probably not a farmer and you're probably not a woodworker or you probably don't work in a factory.
You probably do some kind of knowledge work, which is still work in the sense of input becomes processed, becomes output.
But now instead of it being like physical real life stuff that we're taking as inputs and turning into outputs for the most part, we've got a new kind of system whereby the inputs is kind of ideas from our brains and maybe data and like ones and zeros on a computer.
Now I could just click on any one of these, but actually I'm going to use, there's a new feature we added to the app, which is,
 it sounds like you're aiming to create a comprehensive multi-year transformational program.
What would you say are the core mindsets or skill shifts that someone needs to make between hitting $100K a year and scaling all the way up to $1 million?
Okay, this is a good question.
I think the zero to 100K revenue thing will take 12 months, 12 to 18 months, depending on whether they have skills or not.
Some people will do it sooner, some people will take a bit longer.
And we kind of wanna encourage people to go at their own pace, but we also wanna set like a,
 a standard pace that sort of like kind of kind of like a recommended pace.
Because if someone has, if someone really hits the ground running, then they can probably get to 100k revenue within six months.
But if they want to take the time with it a bit more, maybe they want to be a bit more chill, maybe they've got other things going on in their life, then it'll probably take longer than six months, probably maybe 12 to 18 months to hit 100k in revenue.
And then really, I think zero to 100k is like a specific thing.
And then 100k to a million is like kind of going deeper on the same foundational kind of skill sets.
 That timeline you described is really interesting.
Can you walk me through what specific habits or routines someone needs to adopt during that first year to build momentum towards that initial $100K, and how those change or evolve as they aim for the million?
 Okay, so initially, like to be honest, I think the habits and routines are actually fairly similar.
I think for someone to do this properly, they need to put in 10 to 15 hours a week, possibly more than that at the start.
I mean, but again, it's a sliding scale, right?
So we're trying to build a lifestyle business where the whole idea is that you're able to put in as much time as you want to.
So someone could build a lifestyle business in four hours a week.
It's just that it's gonna take longer, obviously, compared to someone who's putting 40 hours a week into building the lifestyle business.
 So in a way, the key habit, number one is actually devoting some time to making progress every week.
That's like a key focus here.
So I'm sort of looking out for this, that internal feeling of resonance of like, yes, I think there's something here.
There's this one, the secret to never breaking a habit again, but I kind of prefer this is the, this is the secret to never breaking a habit again.
 I'm going to say to Claude, these are my favorites.
Give me 50 more along these lines.
And so what I'm doing here is I'm sort of like, it's generating the first draft of the thing.
I'm testing for resonance in terms of what I feel like is going to hit.
And then I'm feeding that back to Claude so that it like improves its stuff, basically.
 Okay, cool, so now of these 50, which have been improved based on the data I gave it, I like 11 of them.
So, you know, we've got a just over 20% hit rate for this.
This is one mistake I see a lot of people make when it comes to using AI tools for like creativity type stuff.
It's that like,
 You look at the list of things and you're like, oh, that's cringe.
Oh, I don't like that.
Oh, I don't like that.
Oh, I don't like that.
And then you're like, oh my God, the AI sucks and can't replace humans and like all of that, all of that sort of stuff.
But if you generate 50 to a hundred things, you're probably going to like 5% of them, 10% of them, maybe 20% of them.
And then you can just use those rather than trying to get the AI to do all of the work for you.
What we're basically doing is getting a feel for residents and stuff.
 But now what I have here in Notion is basically my momentum hook book, which means next time I get around to sitting down and filming social media content for Instagram, TikTok, YouTube Shorts, that tries to actively or casually plug momentum, I have a long list of hooks.
And usually the way I do that is I look at the first one.
This is why 90% of people fail at building habits.
 And then I'm thinking, okay, what's the value that I can give to the audience based on my own knowledge from that specific hook?
So I can say that for example, 90% of people fail at building habits because they don't stay consistent beyond like the 21 days that on average it takes to build a habit.
And so really those first 21 days are absolutely critical.
 And usually people fail at that.
 Okay, quick flag, this bit that's coming up might seem very boring.
We were gonna cut it out and then we felt like, do we cut it out?
Do we not cut it out?
We're gonna leave it in just because I know there are some people who will get lots of value from like literally seeing the conversation that I'm having with the AI.
And hopefully they'll give you some ideas about what kind of conversations you can have with the various different AI tools.
But if you don't care, all the timestamps are down below.
So please, by all means, feel free to skip this bit of the video, because this could get kind of boring unless you just really wanna see me interact with the AI and talk about our Lifestyle Business Academy.
 Now Lifestyle Business Academy is a brand new product.
We launched, we ran like a six week challenge for it that went really well.
People vibed with it, but now we're launching like a proper kind of online business school for lifestyle entrepreneurs.
Now, whenever I do anything new or whenever I'm going zero to one on something, I always like to start with a voice transcription where I just get as much of the information out of my head.
And so I'm gonna be using VoicePile for this.
I am trying to figure out what is the offer for our Lifestyle Business Academy.
 Now, Lifestyle Business Academy, the whole goal of it is to help people build a $100,000 a year lifestyle business in under 12 months.
And really what I want is almost like a better version of an MBA, like an MBA for lifestyle business owners.
So it's like,
 You know how an MBA is like a two-year program or a one-year program or a three-year program?
I'm kind of imagining like the Lifestyle Business Academy is a three-year program where we take someone as a complete beginner and within about three years, we get them to a million dollars a year in revenue with ideally like 500,000 in profit.
Now that's gonna be hard and there's gonna be like a whole roadmap for that, but I want it to feel like, like I really wanna build this as a kind of online business school, that kind of thing, but also have some offline components.
 Yeah.
Okay.
So now VoicePal is asking me, what specific skills and knowledge will participants get from the LBA that they wouldn't get from a traditional MBA?
Good question.
How will the curriculum be structured to ensure that beginners can progress to a million dollars in revenue within three years?
 And the whole idea behind a project is that you can then reference the same kind of files from a particular project.
And so Claude then has context over what specifically you're doing within that project.
If you're context switching between like software and content and courses or whatever your situation might be.
 I have a quick flag before you continue watching this video.
If you are at this point in the video, thank you so much for watching so far.
Basically in this video, and I've only just realized this, having just watched the whole thing, because I'm showing you my specific workflow for our specific products, it runs the risk of the whole video basically feeling like an ad for our various products.
Like for example, for the next 10 minutes, I'm going to talk you through exactly how I build a new feature from Momentum, which is an app that we've built.
 And then I'm going to show you how I use this other app to build the curriculum for our Lifestyle Business Academy, which is another one of our products.
So I'm flagging this right now that if you are allergic to anything that feels like advertising or any of that kind of stuff, please feel free to skip the rest of this video.
It's impossible for me to show you what my actual workflow looks like
 without showing it to you in the context of products that we are selling.
So I hope you will forgive me that I, by definition, in order to show you the workflow, I have to talk about the products that we are selling.
I don't want you to, ideally, I don't want you to think that like, well, the only reason you make this video because you don't want to talk about products or any of that kind of stuff.
Like you can take whatever conclusions from that you like, but this is a flag that if you will find it offensive, please feel free to leave the video at this point, because for the rest of the video, I'm gonna be talking about our products.
 while showing you how I use AI to work on our products.
So hopefully that makes sense.
So the project that we've got here is for Sparkle Studios.
Sparkle is an app design and development studio.
Our goal is to build a delightful productivity and personal development apps that help users build a life they love.
It's spearheaded by me, Ali Abdaal, and my wife, Izzy Seeley.
We both have strong personal brands in the personal development and productivity space.
So this is just a little bit of context so that Claude has context around this.
Now I'm gonna show you a bunch of different ways that I actually use this in real life.
Entrepreneur, yep, nice.
Yep, I like it.
All this is good.
Finding your people, craft skills, yep.
niche definition, market validation, yep.
Crafting your offer, yep.
Offer doc, simple sales system, yep.
To be honest, a lot of this is what we are doing already,
 But this is useful to see.
So all of this sort of stuff, all of this use of AI tools is basically just fundamentally what it comes down to is input, processing, and output.
And whether it's software that we're creating, or whether it's content, or whether it's our like,
 this online education business that we're trying to build, like a better version of an MBA.
It all just fundamentally comes down to input, processing, and output.
And there are various different AI tools that can help you in the input stage, and various that can help you in the processing stage, and various that can help you in the output stage, if you want.
One thing that I used Gamma for, Gamma is a really good way of making slides.
So when I was doing a video for the applications, and you can check out the video, it'll be linked down below.
Ooh, Gamma 3.0, that's new.
 This one, I think, was what it was.
And so this is basically sort of creating the slides for me automatically, which is really nice.
The roadmap to 100K a year, who it's for, the three part system for lifestyle business growth, what success looks like, our ROI guarantee, founders cohort, all of this sort of stuff.
And so I recorded a loom as I was talking through this, which is what encouraged people to apply.
Okay, so at this point, we've kind of talked about how I use AI tools for the software side of the business.
 how I use various different AI tools for the kind of academy courses, programs, mentorship side of the business.
We have a third part of the business, which we haven't really touched upon yet.
We did a little bit in the software, which is the content side of things.
And that will be in this video over here, which is a step-by-step walkthrough case study of how I actually make a YouTube video, kind of step-by-step, and exactly how I use AI along the way, in addition to all of the other things that goes into us creating content for YouTube.
So that will be linked right over there.
Thank you so much for watching.
 Now, while all of this stuff is going on, you know, you have Ben Shapiro blasts dishonest Tucker Carlson for normalizing Nazism by hosting white nationalist Nick Fuentes.
Why would he ever have Nick Fuentes on his podcast?
I mean, I can't imagine anybody ever doing such a thing.
But is this what is this right here?
This is Ben Shapiro.
OK, go for it.
 Hey, folks, I wanna do something different on today's show.
We're gonna cover one topic in depth.
That topic is, I think, the most important thing happening in the country.
It was a hot topic last week, but I wanted to take some time to really gather my thoughts and speak on it in coherent fashion, holistic fashion.
That topic is the fragmentation of the political right.
 That fragmentation is being caused purposefully by a splinter faction of people led by a young man named Nick Fuentes.
They call themselves the Groypers.
They are white supremacists, they hate women, Jews, Hindus, many types of Christians, brown people of a wide variety of backgrounds, blacks, America's foreign policy, and America's constitution.
They admire Hitler and Stalin.
And that splinter faction is now being facilitated and normalized within the mainstream Republican Party.
 The main agent in that normalization is Tucker Carlson, who is an intellectual coward, a dishonest interlocutor, and a terrible friend.
And Tucker Carlson last week was aided, abetted, celebrated for normalizing Nazism within the Republican Party by the mainstay organization of the traditional right, the Heritage Foundation.
Now, before we explain what's been happening, let's make one thing clear.
This is not about free speech or cancellation.
It was never about free speech or cancellation.
 Free speech has a definition, the right to speak free of governmental coercion.
I believe in it, of course, I've always defended it.
Criticism of bad speech is, in fact, just a form of free speech.
Cancellation also has a definition, the banning of particular people, including people like Nick Fuentes, from platforms like X or Facebook.
I believe that Nick Fuentes is odious and despicable, but I've never called for his cancellation.
I'm going to destroy all of you guys.
That's Nick.
Nick is Tupac.
So what do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
You want to do East Coast, West Coast type of situation?
Is that what you want?
 Really?
Is that what you want?
Because I think right now what Ben talked about is he's spending millions of dollars a year on security.
Why?
Who's creating it?
Who's causing it?
This isn't healthy.
This isn't healthy.
So for me, I love the debate.
Keep the debate.
I love all of that stuff.
 But, uh... Did you see what Megan said about this?
No, what did she say?
She addressed this.
She actually had Matt Walsh on her podcast.
They spoke for a full-on hour.
And what was the consensus?
What did they say?
So it was very interesting, because she says, I'm friends with Ben Shapiro.
I'm friends with Tucker Carlson.
I think she's the right person.
And then she's speaking with Matt Walsh of the Daily Wire.
It was very interesting, his perspective.
You know what he said?
Yeah.
About Ben, Israel, whatever.
He goes, yeah, I don't care.
 I care about America.
That's my opinion.
That's been my position for 10 years.
He goes, I don't care.
But Megan is, I think, someone that can pull this off.
I think Megan is somebody that can pull this off because Megan has Tucker's respect.
That's why.
Because Tucker respects the fact that Megan made it on cable.
 TV and made it at Podcasting and she's a formidable face.
She was a moderator Trump.
Hey, you've said a lot of different things about women No, only Rosie O'Donnell.
That's not true.
That's not true.
So yeah, I don't know.
I just think
 You know, if you go like this, and the infighting continues, congratulations, you handed them 2026.
And if it continues, and you think, oh, you know, a person, you know how mentally, emotionally tough and a gangster you have to be to come back and win 2024 election?
There's only one guy that could have pulled that off, and it's the guy that won, and he's the president today.
Feed me information.
We're going to crack the case.
So to me, this is like an intellectual embarrassment because all my life I've been an iconoclast.
 I actually think he's absolutely right, that's my opinion, but Dinesh Yusuf is a credible guy in the conservative movement.
What do you think Ben's so upset about, the fact that he's just speaking with him?
Because you made the point, a bad friend to who?
Is he talking about Charlie?
 That's who he's talking about.
And here's my question.
I think so.
Well, yeah, we're assuming.
I don't know, because he's not.
Say what you want to say, because here's my thing, Pat.
The beauty about conversations that you've had, you've talked to Bibi, you've talked to him, the spectrum of people from Nick Fuentes, everybody.
Why doesn't Ben, because Ben's turned down other times where we wanted to have debates with, meaning with Candice or him, he refuses to sit down, sit down with this person, have a conversation.
And guess what?
If your argument is better and it's going to win.
Hold on, let me ask you a question.
 Ben Shapiro would sit down one-on-one against Tucker Carlson.
Ben Shapiro, Tucker Carlson.
And just talk it out.
I want to say that they've tried to arrange something, and one of them... Because my thing is this, Pat.
Who do you think won't?
Can you run a poll?
 I mean, if the audience watches it, who do you think won't agree to a two-hour debate?
Tucker Carlson, don't say any opinion so we get them to think.
Who do you think won't do it?
Ben Shapiro or Tucker Carlson?
Put that poll.
You guys vote for it.
I'm curious to know what you guys would think about this.
Who would not show up to the debate?
Who would not agree to it?
Let's just say Megan Kelly says, I want to host a debate with
 Ben Shapiro and Tucker Carlson, right?
And who would say no to that debate?
I'm curious to know how people are going to vote.
 So continue what you're saying here with Ben.
It's conversation, because he's going to sit there, and we heard that two minute rant of his.
He's pro-speech, pro-this, pro-that.
Then what are you worried about?
That he's giving him a platform?
That he's asking him questions?
 That's right after I called it the daily, you know, yeah.
And I'm like, oh.
Constantine did?
Yeah.
And I'm like, oh, I got you.
And I corrected him.
I said, no, no, no, no.
Qualified awards.
He said, I'm sorry.
I did.
Yeah, I said.
So I don't like, so then I'm like, OK, I got what's going on.
Because again, I'm not in this community.
I'm like, there is a Tucker camp.
There is a Shapiro camp.
And both sides bowed down to both.
OK?
Fair.
No problem.
 Then there is the younger Nick camp.
And then Charlie is trying to get everybody under the camp to be working together, okay?
I don't know if, you know, when you hear the market talking and there's interest in somebody giving a message, the more you dismiss them, the bigger that person's gonna get.
And that's what you've done.
Number two, you know, when we were having
 Benjamin Netanyahu on the podcast.
I knew what was gonna happen.
I knew what was gonna happen.
I'm not even gonna say what some of the stuff happened to us the last six weeks because I don't even want to advertise what happened last six weeks.
I don't want anybody to talk about what happened last six weeks.
It's no one's business.
We're going through it, okay?
So when we had Bibi, I would say death threats at an all-time high, no question when Bibi came up.
 Then they agree, all right, Ben wants to come on the podcast.
Then when I said, you know, I want to have Nick on, I looked at the booking team.
After Ben was confirmed, I said, if they cancel, it's because of me agreeing to have Nick on.
Great.
We have Nick on.
 I show the clips.
We have the conversations.
I think Ben is a very good communicator and debater.
Are you kidding me?
One of the times when that man put his hands on his shoulders, he's like, you don't think that's a little bit inappropriate?
Ben has got some brass and he's had some of the best fiery moments ever.
Ben, when he was young, he was on Pierce Morgan.
Pierce was about to be here.
We're doing a show with him today.
I don't know when we're doing it, but we're doing a show with him today.
 And remember the first time when he was on there, and I don't know if it was years ago, years ago Constitution, right when Pierce went over there.
So, and Tucker, Tucker Carlson, Tucker had his moment with Jon Stewart many years ago when Jon Stewart tried to make fun of him.
That one right there, look how young he looks, not that one Rob, all the way at the top, all the way at the top.
Yeah, look at Ben.
When he brought in the Constitution.
Yeah, Ben has had some incredible moments, right, with what he's done, both of them.
 So to me, here's a very interesting thing that's going on.
Nick Fuentes, FYI, whether you like him or not, he ain't going away.
Nope.
Okay?
He ain't going away and he's going to have a voice.
Here's the other part.
Ben Shapiro, whether you like him or not, he ain't going away.
Whether you like Tucker or not, he ain't going away.
So now what?
By the way, Republicans, you got destroyed last week.
 Ready?
You got manhandled, not last week, this week.
Destroyed last week, okay?
Marjorie Taylor Greene goes out there and she's talking about how she wants to run in 2028 on a firebrand, and you know, Tom's talking about it could be a Ross Perot type of a moment.
You know what all this leads to?
Unless if you guys find a way to get it together, President Trump is not going to go out there campaigning for everybody in 2028.
He's criticized all those guys, too, by the way.
 Listen, just think about us as a consultant.
That's who we are.
We're just a consultant.
It's what we do.
You can go to betdavid.com literally to learn more about what we do for clients from 60 plus countries, 10,000 businesses, a business nobody knows that we have except for the people that we do engagements for and strategy sessions for.
By the way, 2026 is right around the corner.
If you got big plans for 2026 and you've never written a business plan or you've written it, but it's not,
 So, if you want a signed copy of Choose Your Enemies Wisely, it's never a better time to read a book on business planning.
Right now is the time.
 Go to vtmerch.com.
Rob, we'll put the link below if you don't mind.
We'll choose your enemies wisely right there.
Signed.
As well as the other copies of the books that we have.
And on top of that, Rob, also put the link to Business Planning Workshop.
I would do both if I were you.
Read the book, then attend the Business Planning Workshop.
 But we're looking forward to 2026.
Last night we were at this America Business Forum.
I was on stage with Bret Baier and we're watching all the people that are there.
The types of business owners, Jeff Bezos, Jamie Dimon goes before me and then Steve Whitkoff is there.
Then you have Serena Williams literally goes right after me and then
 Rafael Nadal was there.
Trump was there yesterday.
Unbelievable.
By the way, everybody in that place was talking about what's going to be happening in 2026.
So a lot of people behind closed doors are ecstatic about 2026.
If you want to get some of those strategies, register for Business Planning Workshop.
Go to bpw.betdavidconsulting.com.
If you enjoyed this video, you want to watch more videos like this, click here.
And if you want to watch the entire podcast, click here.
 How would I take 10K and turn it into a million?
What we're looking for is something that hits you in the head with like a two by four.
We don't need to know many things about many things.
We need to know a lot about a little.
Why do you think most people don't do that?
Buffett always says, the most important question to ask is, and then what?
Does he use Excel?
Warren wouldn't be caught dead using Excel.
 Usually the best ideas, when you finally figure them out, they're very simple.
You should be able to explain your thesis of a stock in about four or five sentences to a 10-year-old.
Where do you even know where to look?
I'm going to lay it out for you.
It's going to be so easy.
All someone has to do is
 Okay, here we go.
Onish, welcome back, round two.
Sean, it's always a pleasure.
So let's play a game.
You're my coach.
You're my investing coach, let's say.
And I have $10,000 and I want to turn it into a million, right?
Podcast called My First Million.
I want to go from 10K to a million.
So that's a hundred X.
How would I take 10K and turn it into a million?
 The thing about investing is that opportunities are not going to show up just because you have the cash.
So I would make some tweaks to your thinking first about the 10K.
So I would say, okay, the 10K is a good starting point.
But what I also want you to do separately from that is have a day job.
Yeah.
Okay?
And I want you to spend less than your earning.
And I want you to take the 10K, and I also want you to take your
 annual savings, maybe that's 5, 10,000 a year or whatever it is.
And normally I would say put it into an index, right?
The index, like the S&P, is overheated.
We can't go there right now.
Circa 2025, we cannot go into the S&P.
 Okay, maybe 2035 we can, but not 2025.
That's a blueprint.
If you think about it, I think it was Nick Sleep who has this quote, he said,
 the best investors are entrepreneurs who never sold.
So if you think about entrepreneurs,
 That's what they are.
They are John Arriaga, right?
So if I look at Sam Walton, Sam Walton is John Arriaga.
All he did was retail.
All he did was visit competitor stores.
He never bothered anything else, right?
So Sam Walton, founder of Walmart.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
Tell me more about him.
Well, so Sam Walton, I mean, he said that there is
 There is no human who has ever lived, or ever will live, who has spent more time in competitor stores than me, okay?
Whenever he'd go on vacation with his family and they were passing a retail store, he'd be back in 20 minutes.
And he'd go- And what is he doing in there?
What did he do?
So I'll give you an example.
One time he went into this store and this manager says to him, that was such a badly run operation.
 And Sam says to him, yes, but did you see the candle display?
Did you see how fantastic that candle display was?
So his perspective was, I can learn from losers, okay?
I wanna learn that spark that's there in something that's a total loser, right?
So he was going in, and now one time in Brazil, in this retail store, they find this older guy flat on the ground.
They call the paramedics.
 It turns out it's Sam Walton.
And what he was doing is he was measuring the space between the aisles.
And he didn't have a tape measure.
With his body.
So he laid down, he laid, and you know, the space between the aisles is a very important data point for a retailer.
And so this is not a situation where having some packed schedule or whatever.
I think the thing is that this is a case where you're taking in a lot of information.
 but there's not much action, right?
And so you're basically trying to improve your metal models.
You're trying to understand more about the businesses that you already own.
And I'm going through, like, you know, Value Investors Club and Sum Zero and that sort of thing and just looking at what else is there.
And sometimes I find an amazing idea or whatever, and then now there's a deep dive, right?
And then that might take a while.
 I was reading something interesting.
So in our first episode, we talked about how you got started.
You were actually an entrepreneur first.
And then basically, you said this great thing.
You go, I realized that as an entrepreneur, maybe 3% to 5% of my brainpower was on strategic decisions, really clear thinking, coming up with the right answer.
And then 95% of my time was blocking and tackling.
And you're like, as an investor, it's great because that 3% becomes 95%.
 I'm just it's just about clear thinking and making the right strategic move and not I don't have to busy myself but one thing I thought was cool was
 I read that you took some personality test or you got some analysis done on you that basically helped you, they sort of told you your temperament is for single-player games.
What is this?
I didn't understand what you did.
Yeah, so this was kind of accidental that happened.
And I think it turned out to be one of those great things that happened in my life is that in 1999, actually, I was at a crossroads where
 it was very clear to me that the business that I had built, my IT business, I had lost interest in it.
And I had become a lot more interested in investing.
So you spend $800 and you take a family from $60 a month
 to $10,000 a month.
Okay, I mean, what's the ROI on that?
And you're gonna do that for this whole lifetime and you're gonna reset the extended family and all of that.
The ROI is off the charts, right?
So when I saw that, I said, wow, this is the holy grail.
So I went to the guy and I said, I'd like to fund you, right?
He said, I don't wanna scale.
I do 30 kids, I don't want even 31 kids.
I don't wanna take outside money, none of that.
So I'm the shameless cloner.
 So I told him, do you mind if I clone your model?
He said, no, this is a very good thing.
I think you should clone it.
It'd be great.
I'll help you in any way I can.
So I took his model, and that's what Dakshina is.
So we are spending, Dakshina spends about $3 or $4 million a year.
 just imagine what the output of that is.
You know, when you look at it from each family, and we're doing 3, 4 million, we've been doing it for 17 years.
So basically,
 what we get out of $3 million a year, a lot of other nonprofits would not get out of 100 million a year.
So we actually have a footprint that is much larger than what it should be in terms of impact.
And to take it back, it's a math game.
So basically we had two or three things that were important and that's how I looked at this.
 The first was the yield.
So the IITs accept 1.3% of the kids who apply.
They accept 70% of our kids.
That's amazing.
So now what I'm doing is I have a game which puts two models together.
So one day before I die, I want to have $10,000 left.
Well, I think this has happened to me a lot.
I mean, in the sense that
 Like I said, you know, we put 98, 99% at too hard pile, right?
Even now, I think it was right of me to not do anything with it because I couldn't understand it.
Even after the financial crisis, it took me a while to understand the CDSs and all these tranches and how they were like doing all this stuff and all that.
I mean, that took me a while to like really get my arms around it.
And even after knowing all that, I would have been skeptical about making that bet.
So hats off to him.
I mean, he figured it out.
A few people figured it out, but it was a very small number of people who figured it out.
 Right.
Tell me about the greatest investor from India.
Who is the greatest investor from India?
Well, the greatest investor from India would be Rakesh Jhunjhunwala.
I never met Rakesh.
I mean, I know his friends quite well.
Guy actually met him.
Guy actually went to his office and met him.
Wonderful guy, died relatively young, a few years back.
 But Rakesh was a very interesting kind of split brain in the sense that he'd have like three or four Bloomberg screens in front of him and he had all these charts and everything going on, rapid fire trading going on.
But on the other hand, he had these two or three stocks.
 that he never touched.
So he had, I mean, I don't know anyone like that.
And he was great at both, but the ones that he never touched, I mean, they just went through the roof.
Like there's a company in India called Titan Industries, and Titan Industries does branded jewelry.
 Branded jewelry basically didn't exist in India.
You know, it was all mom and pop.
And there was a trust deficit, right?
So you go to a jeweler in India, and in India they have like 22-carat gold, right?
And you're buying the gold.
You don't know whether it's half gold, 80% gold, or what the hell is going on, right?
The jeweler knows, but you don't, right?
 that Titan brand is owned by the Tatas, who have very high integrity.
It was like so much stuff going on about housing's going to crash, this is going to happen, that's going to happen.
I mean, I just couldn't get my arms around it.
In my world, everybody's talking about AI.
Do you think about AI at all?
 The problem is I bring nothing to that party.
And I'm probably going to get my head handed to me if I try to participate.
It's not in the no-brainer category.
It's not something where I have an edge.
Of course, I do believe that it's transformational.
 But, you know, I knew the internet was transformational.
We've known electricity is transformational.
We've known the app store is transformational.
But in investing, you can do extremely well without understanding all these things.
You go back to John Arriaga, you know, don't understand any of these things.
Or even Warren Buffett.
And, you know, Apple, Apple is in the rear view.
They sold most of it.
And they might have sold all of it by now.
But basically, that was a one and done.
But basically, yeah, I think that,
 We don't need to understand flavor of the day.
We don't need to understand NVIDIA.
We don't need to understand AI.
If you understand it, more power to you.
That's awesome.
And if you know how to leverage that understanding into dollars you can make, that's even better.
But that's not me.
So we all have to play to our strengths.
 Okay, well, Manish, this has been incredible.
Part two, I'm happy with it.
I asked you at the beginning, I said, is this like one of those Hollywood sequels where the first one was incredible and the second one, they just did it?
But no, I think we did a good job.
I think the sequel was, if not better, at least as good.
No, it was fun.
I enjoyed it.
It was awesome.
Awesome.
Thanks for doing it.
Okay, thank you.
 This is the ultimate fat loss and muscle gain cheat sheet.
We're only gonna talk about what really matters for fat loss and muscle gain and nothing else.
 Let's do this.
Yeah.
All right.
The two most popular things to talk about in fitness, obviously, are fat loss and muscle gain.
And yes, they can be complex, mostly because people are complex.
That's what makes this so challenging.
It's not necessarily the steps, although I'll be clear, there's a lot of misinformation that's out there.
There's a lot of
 bad information that will move you in the wrong direction.
So we're going to clear that up.
Well, the idea for us to highlight the similarities in the two of these, because I think that- They have a lot more in common than people realize.
Yeah.
I think that's the, I don't know, the more interesting part of this conversation is the average person would think that a
 fat loss journey versus a muscle building journey are very different.
And they really are not.
They're very, very similar in many ways.
And I think that if people understood that, I think they'd have more success with both pursuits.
100%.
100%.
So we're going to talk about those things.
And what are the things that they have in common?
What are the most important things to focus on?
 um, to get yourself to either goal.
And again, both have a lot in common as Adam was saying, whether you're trying to gain muscle or lose body fat, um, the strategies are incredibly similar, which is really interesting as we get into it.
So let's talk first about food.
 With fat loss and muscle gain, you have to eat right.
Both of them require to eat right, but one of them requires you to eat in what's called a calorie deficit, and the other one in a calorie surplus.
Essentially what that means is,
 If you want to lose weight or body fat, you have to eat less calories than you burn.
Go check it out.
Here comes the episode.
 Now, with carbohydrates, carbohydrates are not essential, but they are valuable, especially when it comes to performance.
And I would say for muscle gain, carbs can be cut more for fat loss, and some people just respond really well.
 to lower carbohydrates.
Muscle gain, you can gain muscle on a low-carbohydrate diet.
You can't.
It's just way harder.
It's just way harder, so carbohydrates become more important.
Then fat.
Fat is essential as well.
For fat loss, I'll say this.
For people with fat loss, don't go too low on fat.
 When you go too low on fat and you start to toe the line of essential fat, you can see hormonal issues and problems and you can get stubborn fat loss that doesn't want to happen because your fat is too low.
I've had this with clients where I bump their fat and then boom, we start to see fat loss.
Muscle gain, I think you're probably okay.
If you're getting high protein and you're trying to gain, you're not eating super lean cuts of meat, you're probably getting adequate fat intake.
Now, the one area where I'd say, you know,
 I think muscle gain might have an advantage with protein shakes.
And what I mean by that is protein shakes are more valuable for muscle gain.
I don't think they're as valuable for fat loss.
And here's why.
Protein shakes don't satiate you like protein from food does.
 So if you're trying to be in a calorie deficit, you're probably going to struggle with appetite throughout this fat loss journey.
A protein shake, you know, 50 grams and a protein shake isn't going to suppress appetite or satiate you like 50 grams of protein for food.
So I like shakes more for muscle gain.
 And then on the other side of the coin there, sometimes people have trouble eating in a calorie surplus and a shake, the same reason why it was difficult for fat loss, now makes it valuable for muscle gain.
You can have a shake and it's easy to get that extra 50 grams of protein if you're already full from eating a lot of food.
 You can make the case for either one.
 eating those foods goes down.
You actually start to become less, you become uninhibited.
So you go uninhibited, high cravings, good luck trying to eat healthy with porcelain.
Hey, sorry to interrupt.
Look, I have a free guide that teaches you how to lose fat in three steps, just three steps.
 that will burn the most amount of body fat and help keep it off.
This guide is totally free.
We're giving it to everybody right now.
If you want it, click on the link at the top of the description below.
All right, back to the show.
Now, all this is interconnected to the point you just made before that, right?
Hormones.
Yeah.
I mean, really, when you disrupt your sleep, that's it.
Well, that's a big part of it.
You're going to disrupt your hormones, and it's going to make losing body fat or building muscle near impossible.
One night of poor sleep, you'll see a measurable drop in testosterone.
 One night of poor sleep, and you see a measurable change in insulin sensitivity.
It's a massive signal to the body.
I mean, you're not recovering, so now we have to go into survival.
And that's really like your body's on reserve.
I have to store energy.
That's right.
I have to keep you alive.
That's right.
Now, ideal sleep is about eight hours.
I know what the studies say, seven to eight, but I found with clients, eight was
 Again, there's like what's enough and what's optimal.
Eight hours is, in my experience, the best.
This means you need to go to bed eight and a half hours before you're going to wake up.
Why?
30 minutes to fall asleep.
This is where people make a mistake, by the way.
They'll look at the seven to eight, they'll go to bed seven hours before really they get six and a half.
It takes them 30 minutes to fall asleep.
 This is also another area where the bodybuilding community really figured this out.
I felt like that.
I mean, not only did they focus on their night of sleep, they even did naps in the middle of the day to get optimal sleep.
I mean, this is an area where it was very obvious that you could build more muscle when you're better rested, you know.
 Yes, and again, this is how big of a deal it is.
You can measurably reduce your strength performance, dramatically increase your risk of injury, measurably reduce testosterone, and make your insulin sensitivity go down with one night.
So this is the ultimate form of exercise regardless of what
 I thought you were going to be even more specific to how you strength train.
I would make the case that I would strength train the same way.
The goal is to get stronger, lift heavy, get strong.
You're trying to build muscle on both of them.
Because here's the mistake that some people make that are in the fat loss group,
 They think that they're gonna lift weights circuit style or high repetitions low rest periods And they want this key again trying to burn the calories in their workout mistake And it is a huge mistake especially when you're a calorie deficit what you want to do is send a signal the body to your point to hang on to as much muscle as possible because you're in a calorie deficit and
 One of the best ways to do that is lift heavy, get strong.
And so, which is also one of the best ways for you to build muscle when you're trying to gain muscle is lift heavy and get strong.
That's the pursuit, but psychologically, obviously, it's difficult because you aren't going to feel strong.
You're not going to have that kind of energy in your workouts, but producing that same type of effort will be able to maintain that muscle mass.
 Yeah, and just because you're using weights or machines does not mean you're strength training.
Strength training is organized in a way to build strength.
What that looks like is a set and then rest.
 and then a set, and then rest.
And the rest period is on the short end, about a minute, but usually about two to three minutes is what it should be.
You're not trying to build stamina and endurance.
If you- Super important and overlooked, like continuously.
If you don't rest and you use circuits with weights, you're doing cardio.
Yes.
You might as well get on a bike.
It's almost identical in terms of what it's doing for the body.
And it will not preserve muscle like traditional strength training.
Now, when it comes to building muscle, again, I don't need to make this argument,
 Lift weights to get stronger.
In both cases, by the way, if you're getting stronger while losing weight or getting stronger while gaining weight.
 In both cases, this is a great sign.
On the building muscle side, if I'm getting stronger, I'm building muscle.
Yeah No sponsorship.
They still exist.
Oh Wow, I haven't even I haven't seen I've never gone down that aisle in a hot minute
 I don't want to just skim over this lightly.
It's a big hack to be even just being aware of that is a big deal.
 Remember how much that person you're right like oh, I'm gonna go in and yes I remember just and there's something about when you when you know that it's coming in it's for that reason It's easier to say no to it than if it was just I'm tired exhausted expect it Yeah, so when you expect like okay, I had a rough night's sleep.
I'm gonna at some point today.
I'm gonna want something plan ahead
 Yes, and just you being aware of it makes it easier to resist that versus blindly going in and just craving these foods and not realizing what it is.
So I can't stress this enough to the average person that's listening to this.
Like, man, when you're on your journey and you have a bad night of sleep, be prepared because you're probably going to crave that day and have a really hard time resisting it.
I'll tell you just a few real easy ways.
 to help your sleep.
You can wear blue light blocking glasses at night if you don't want to come off electronics.
Wear an eye mask when you go to sleep.
I know it sounds dumb, but studies will show even, what do they call it, like a little bit of light pollution in your room because your light switch has a little light on.
You're sexy, man.
I can tell.
 It actually does, so an eye mask actually makes a difference.
And then like I said, bed and wake at the same time.
That will take away that jet lag that actually gives you terrible, even if you go to bed on time on Sunday night, it's harder to fall asleep because you've already reset your circadian rhythm.
And then wake, this is why everybody hates Mondays.
It's because they're totally jet lagged.
All right, next up is water.
 Yes, we just gave you all the basics, but it can be a challenge.
It is a journey.
It is a journey about learning about yourself.
What if my body hits a plateau?
What about these foods right here?
They're not working for me.
Am I training properly?
Is this workout effective?
This is where coaching can be tremendously valuable.
The greatest success that you see in all the data when it comes to fat loss or muscle gain is when people work with a good trainer.
Notice I said good because there's a lot of trainers out there, but there's not a lot of good ones.
A good trainer can do this for you.
 What we're going to do because of this episode is we're going to offer a free group coaching scholarship to one of the listeners.
So we offer group coaching.
It's very limited.
We have two groups, in fact, that we're going to be running here very soon.
One is for fat loss.
One is for muscle gain.
It isn't inexpensive because it is very valuable and it works.
 But if you go to mindpumpgroupcoaching.com forward slash scholarship, you can apply and we're going to give one away for free for each group.
Yeah, for each group.
For each group.
So one fat loss person is going to be in group coaching for free.
One muscle gain individual is going to be in there for free.
And it's three months.
It's only 50 people that are going to be in each group.
And it's taught by our trainers and our coaches.
So you go to mindpumpgroupcoaching.com forward slash
 scholarship, put your name in there.
You have a good chance of winning.
We do get a ton of people that, that apply for that.
Um, and again, hopefully you get in there for free.
All right.
I know you liked that episode.
If you did check this one out.
One of the keys to fat loss is protein.
It's true.
If you're not going to get a high protein diet, you're not going to burn as much body fat as you can.
So today's episode, we're gonna talk about the smartest ways to use protein for fat burn and to build muscle.
You got to watch this.
I wish I understood this earlier in my career.
I think it was probably,
 almost 10 years in when I started to just focus on this with clients.
I knew it was important yeah but I don't know how important.
 For the last 100 days, I cut all my workouts in half.
I wanted to see what would happen if I went from doing my usual three to four sets per exercise down to just one all-out set, sometimes two.
Would I lose muscle?
Well, in this video, I'll break down exactly what I did, what the science says, and what happened to my physique.
 For as long as I've been training, I've always been a pretty high volume guy.
For one, that's the way the bodybuilding greats like Arnold, Ronnie Coleman, and Jay Cutler all trained.
And it's also what the science suggested was most optimal.
So for me, it was kind of a no brainer.
I generally do at least three to four sets on each and every exercise, every workout.
But like I said,
 For the last 100 days, I flipped that completely.
I became the lowest volume guy in the gym.
Instead of 3-4 sets, I only did 1 or 2 sets per exercise.
That's it.
For several lifts, I'd just do one all-out max effort set and move on.
 Now, to get everyone on the same page, when I say volume, I mean the total number of hard working sets that you do for a muscle each week.
So if you do a large number of sets, you're doing a high volume program.
If you do a small number of sets, you're doing a low volume program.
So let's use our chest as an example.
Let's say you hit your chest on two days, three sets of chest press on Monday and three sets of cable flies on Thursday.
And that's all you do for the week.
That means your weekly chest volume is six sets per week.
 And for the last decade or so, the standard science-based guideline for sets per muscle per week was... what do you think?
It's about 10-20 sets per muscle per week.
That's quite a lot.
Going with our chest example, the low end of the science-based range at 10 sets would look like this.
3 sets of chest press plus 3 sets of cable flys on Monday, and 4 sets of pushups on Thursday.
 And the high end of the science-based range, at 20 sets, would look like this.
Volume might not be the king that we thought.
At least, that's what I make of this 2023 meta-analysis from Robinson and colleagues, which very clearly showed that the closer you train to failure, the more muscle you gain.
 To me, if any one variable should wear the crown, it should probably be training hard, right?
And with low volume training, since you're only doing a small handful of sets, you can afford to push nearly every single set to failure without hurting your recovery.
If you tried to do that on a higher volume plan, the fatigue and injury risk would eventually start to outweigh any marginal benefits.
 So after 100 days of low-volume workouts, what happened?
Did it work?
Well, this is what I looked like at the beginning of the challenge.
And this is what I look like now, after 100 days of low-volume training.
I was cutting during this experiment, so I am clearly leaner now, but I also think I look more jacked, especially in my legs and my shoulders.
And despite being about 7 pounds lighter in the after, I think
 I think I held onto my muscle fullness, size, and density really well, and my DEXA supports that too.
From day 1 to day 100, I lost 5.5 pounds of fat mass and 1.8 pounds of lean mass.
I think that's a really solid ratio, especially when you consider that lean mass isn't only muscle mass.
It also includes any water that I lost during the cut.
 And at my training age, you always lose some water as you shred down.
But the crazy thing is, I think my results are even better than that implies.
Because throughout this challenge, I got three DEXA scans.
One done on day one, another on day 30, and a final check-in on day 100.
 From day 30 to day 100, so across 70 days of low volume training, I actually gained half a pound of lean mass while losing another 2.3 pounds of fat mass.
That lean mass change could be within the margin of error, but it was still pretty encouraging to see.
I also gained strength.
 Each workout had 3 sets of squats, 3 sets of leg press, and 3 sets of leg extensions.
That's 27 sets per week just for their quads.
And they did that for 16 weeks.
Then, half the subjects entered a super low volume phase, where they dropped their workload down to, get this, 1 set for each exercise once a week.
That means they went from 27 sets down to 3.
And guess what happened to their gains?
 they maintained 100% of their size and strength for another 16 weeks.
Oh, and then another 16 weeks after that.
 They maintained their gains for 32 weeks.
That's 224 days doing just one set per exercise, three sets total a week.
That's it.
And there were 70 subjects in that study.
Some of them actually kept making gains during the low volume phase.
And to really drive this home, a brand new low volume study from September of this year, so just last month, was just published.
 In this paper, Herman and colleagues had 42 resistance-trained subjects run a low-volume program.
Two full-body workouts per week with just one set per exercise.
Each workout took about 30 minutes.
They split everyone doing that low-volume program into a failure group and a non-failure group.
 The failure group obviously went to failure.
The non-failure group left two reps in reserve.
Other than that, both groups were following that 30 minute workout twice a week, low volume plan.
And after eight weeks of one set per exercise, per workout, both groups made significant gains.
The failure group tended to grow better overall though.
So this new study tells us two really important things.
 First, on a low-volume program, going to failure seems to work better.
 I'm gonna count it I love this machine
 Now, I'll be honest, I did have some doubts, especially in those first few weeks.
After years and years of doing 10-20 sets per muscle per week, it did feel like I wasn't doing enough.
But by around week 3, I noticed something surprising.
Not only was I not losing size, I actually looked harder and fuller.
 I was noticing more vascularity too.
That's probably because I was getting leaner, but the lower volume training was still keeping my muscles fuller than what I expected.
And most importantly to me, despite steadily losing weight, I was keeping my strength up on all my lifts.
And that's probably the best indicator that I was keeping my muscle.
 After the first month was up, I started to think that maybe I just didn't need as much volume as I used to think, as long as I was pushing really hard.
The research does show, for the most part, that on average, higher volume training does lead to more muscle growth.
However, I do think on a cut, a low volume program can make more sense.
And that's because you have a lower recovery capacity.
And so a high volume training program can just be harder to recover from.
So yeah, if you're doing a bulk or a recomp or whatever, high volume training works great.
I think it makes perfect sense.
 But when you're on a cut, I think a lower volume program with really high intensity is a smarter approach, and that's what we're doing.
But maybe I'm getting ahead of myself.
One month isn't that much to go by, and new programs are always fun at first anyway.
4 sets of chest press and 4 sets of cable flys on Monday, 3 sets of pushups and 3 sets of pec deck on Wednesday, 3 sets of incline press and 3 sets of dumbbell flys on Friday.
That's a lot of chest.
 And that doesn't include warmup sets.
High volume will still work, but I don't think it's ideal since your recovery is lower in a deficit and low volumes retain muscle just fine as long as you're training hard.
If you're bulking, I honestly think the best approach might be to keep your volume relatively low for every muscle except one.
 Blast one muscle with 10 to 20, maybe even 30 sets per week at a time.
And then, every few months, you can rotate which muscle you're blasting.
I think this makes a lot of sense, especially as you get more advanced.
And I think once I start a lean bulk again, this is probably what I'll do.
And now that I've got the muscle lab, I'll make sure that I document all that progress and keep you guys posted on how it goes.
In the meantime, if you're looking for a low-volume, high-intensity program like the one that I ran during this challenge,
 you can get my brand new Min Max program over at jeffnipper.com and it's 25% off for launch week.
In case you're watching this after launch week, I'll go ahead and put a discount code in the description box down below so you can still save some money.
Research shows that one of the most common reasons that people skip the gym is lack of time and the low volume workouts in the Min Max program are shorter, easier to stick to, more enjoyable, and easier to recover from.
This is my favorite program that I've ever released.
 It comes with over 90 brand new exercise demos filmed in the new Muscle Lab, a full 12-week program with exercise substitutions, in case there's any exercise you can't do, coaching notes from me, and a full ebook explaining all the science behind the program.
It's suitable for all experience levels, but if you're a complete beginner just starting the gym, I'd suggest running through my Fundamentals program first.
If you're aiming to lose fat right now, this is absolutely the best training program I could recommend to you.
 And if your main goal is to build muscle, I think this is the perfect plan as long as you want shorter, more intense, and more time-efficient workouts or if you just like to experiment with low-volume training for yourself.
Also, if you haven't already, make sure you download a free trial of Macrofactor, which is my smart nutrition app.
Your diet is also super important for building your best physique and it's the thing that most people miss.
Alright, that's it for this one, guys.
Don't forget to leave me a thumbs up if you enjoyed the video, subscribe if you haven't already, and I'll see you all here in the next one.
 You don't need a gym, and you don't need equipment.
This pushup workout hits harder than your chest day at the gym.
And the pump?
 Way better.
If you've been stuck doing the same routine with weights, get ready to level up with just your body weight.
And not all chest routines even emphasize on all the areas of your chest, from your upper and lower pecs, inner and outer, and even each pec individually.
But this one definitely does.
And not only does this workout routine hit your chest, but your arms as well, from your shoulders, triceps, forearms, and even areas of your traps, back, and core.
 Now, I've included some effective push-up variations you may not have seen before, but stick around because no matter your fitness level, you'll be able to follow along with me and make serious gains as every push-up will have an alternative, easier progression that even an absolute beginner can do.
So let's get right into it.
All you need to do is download the Thenx app in the App Store or Google Play Store so that you can properly follow along.
 and to be able to schedule this routine to be able to do it anytime in the future so that you never forget to train.
So let's lock in with this workout.
The first exercise, we're gonna emphasize on each pec individually to make sure that we're strengthening each side of our chest equally.
And if any of these exercises are too difficult, there'll always be an alternative exercise that will pop up on the screen that you can do on an elevated surface.
So choose a variation.
I'm gonna start on the ground.
We'll go for 40 seconds.
With a 20 second break in between.
So pace yourself.
 and it's all about the quality, not the quantity.
So don't worry about how many you're doing, just worry about how well you're doing it.
Focus, breathe, get quality contractions every time.
Last 10 seconds.
Five.
 Four, three, two, and one.
So let's go ahead, take a 20 second break.
Shake that off.
This is also gonna hit a good area of the triceps as well.
Let's get right into it.
All the way down, all the way back up.
 Remember, if this is too difficult, it should be up on the elevated surface.
Really wanna focus on the quality, especially if this is your first time doing it.
Don't worry about how many.
You can even go nice and slow like how we're doing right now.
Just chill, glide through this routine.
We're almost there, last 10 seconds.
 Five, four, three, two, and one.
All right, let's go ahead and shake that off.
Next, we're gonna be going into fingertip pushups.
Again, you could be doing this on an elevated surface, you could even do them on your knees, or you can do each arm individually on your fingertips.
So five, four, I'm gonna show you what that looks like.
One hand fingertips, down and up.
 Let's say you wanna do a couple and then switch.
You can also switch every single one if your fingers aren't yet conditioned.
 Three, two, and one.
Let's go ahead and stop, take a break.
We are flying through this routine.
Next, we're gonna be doing pseudo pushups.
A very difficult variation.
Again, it's gonna help if you do this one on an elevated surface.
You wanna be able to push from your waistline.
Sit close to your waistline and come right back up, just like this.
 And a great thing that you can do about this is that if you're feeling fatigued, you can always stop, go onto an elevated surface, one of the easier progressions, and keep going.
We're almost there.
Five, four, three, two, and one.
All right, there you have it.
 Next, we're gonna go into archer push-ups.
We're actually gonna be doing typewriter push-ups next.
I think I messed up on the first exercise.
We did archer push-ups.
Now let's get down.
Typewriters, they look like this.
Down on one side, and then we're gonna stay down and move from one side to the other side, just like that.
Keep this height.
 And as you can see, we keep the contraction in our shoulders, our chest, of course, from pec to pec, triceps, and even our core.
Squeeze.
Almost there.
Last 10 seconds.
Five, four, three, two, and one.
 All right, 20 more seconds.
Then we're gonna hit slow pushups, really emphasizing on the contraction and the full range of motion of your pushups.
So take it easy, go slow.
Let's get right into it.
So go slow.
Feel the contraction.
You wanna squeeze throughout the entire rep range.
 Sometimes you may be stronger in other areas of your pushup, maybe at the bottom, maybe more at the top.
This is gonna help you build strength throughout every range of motion, which is super important for a strong pull, push, I'm sorry.
And we're increasing the time on our tension.
Let's go, last 10 seconds.
 Five, four, three, two, one.
All right, we just have two more exercises to go.
The next exercise, we're gonna emphasize again at the peak contraction with pushup pumps.
We're gonna get down to the bottom of a pushup.
Just give it some pumps.
Here we go.
Last five seconds.
Let's get right into position.
Hold it down.
 Remember, if you start to feel fatigued, you can always go up to an elevated surface.
I'll show you what that looks like.
We'll go up, come right back down, pump.
Almost there, last 10 seconds.
Five, four, three, two, and one.
 The pump is insane right now.
We're just gonna finish the last area of our pushups with scapula pushups.
Holding the top of the pushup and pushing just from our scapulas.
All right, let's move on to elevated surface.
Last 10 seconds, here we go.
 Blast them, here we go.
Five, four, three, strong, two, and one.
There you have it.
Perfect example of how to get a crazy pump that hits harder than the workout you're doing at the gym in just a couple minutes with no equipment, but your own body weight.
So congratulations for getting through this routine with me.
You're on your way to not just looking strong, but actually being strong.
Trust me, a lot of people that have been training in the gym for years still can't get through this routine.
 So again, congratulations.
And if it felt difficult, don't get discouraged.
That's actually a good thing.
And the more you do it, the stronger you're gonna get.
Eventually, you're gonna be able to go through the whole thing with no problem and even be able to go for multiple rounds.
And by that time, not only are you gonna be shredded with a solid physique, but you would have unlocked way more pushing strength that you didn't have before working out in the gym.
So thanks so much for watching and following along with me on today's workout routine.
If you enjoyed the video, definitely smash that like button.
Leave a comment down below and let me know what you want the next follow along workout to be about.
 Is there a muscle that you have trouble growing or a skill that you'd like to unlock and you just don't know how to train for it?
Let me know in the comments down below.
And of course, share this video with a friend that definitely wants to train right from home to get a solid upper body, chest, and arms.
And if you haven't already, hit that subscribe button with bell notifications on so that you never miss out on a video.
I post every single Monday, 10 a.m. USA Eastern time.
 And of course, to get this workout routine on your phone, schedule it at any time, as well as full access to all our workout programs and the entire Thenx School, where you'll get access to all our programs and technique guides, teaching you the most advanced skills right from the comfort of your home, step-by-step as a total beginner of exactly what to do every single day until you reach your goals.
 and join the millions of other THENX athletes around the world on the THENX community in the THENX app right now, getting in the best shape of their lives using the THENX workouts.
All you gotta do is download the THENX app in the App Store or Google Play Store.
Now, I'm gonna go ahead, hit another round of these pushups.
If you wanna go for it, let's run it back and do it one more time.
But if not, check out this other video that's gonna have you in the best shape of your life, and I'll see you next week with a brand new video Monday, baby.
Mad love, peace out.
 So do you think the internet scares women away from birth control unnecessarily?
I think the internet is both an amazing and a terrible tool.
And it depends where you end up.
When you Google something, what comes up isn't what's the most scientifically valid.
What comes up is the most popular.
Do you think that not enough women are on hormonal therapy?
 Welcome back to the Checkup Podcast.
Lately, social media has been absolutely flooded with wellness gurus and even medical doctors making all sorts of claims surrounding women's health.
Based on what I've seen, there's been a lot of fear mongering and shaming regarding women's bodies, usually done to encourage the purchase of some sort of quick fix supplement or product.
This is why I'm so excited to host Dr. Jen Gunther, who's a board certified OBGYN
 and pain medicine physician, a two-time New York Times bestselling author of The Vagina Bible and The Menopause Manifesto, she also writes the sub-stack newsletter, The Vagenda.
She's one of the most prominent critics of wellness pseudoscience and a widely cited voice on women's health from almost every leading news outlet.
In our conversation, not only will she tell you the truth about when hormone testing is useless, how hormone therapy is actually supposed to work, the truth about how women are targeted with vaginal products,
 but she also opens up about her traumatic experience in navigating the healthcare system in seeking answers to her children's serious, serious conditions.
Please welcome Dr. Jen Gunter to the Cheka podcast.
I think a good place to start would be the fact that I've been dying to have you on the show for probably half a decade or so, mostly because I feel that the women's health space has been contaminated, for lack of a better word,
 with a lot of misinformation and a lot of look over here while I'll sell you something over here.
And that comes in and then McCary says, no, we're just gonna, yeah, I listened to them, we're gonna do this.
I'm not gonna take them out, I just listened to them, that's enough.
 Well, what if he says that about Mephistopheles?
What if he says that about SSRIs and pregnancy?
What if he says that about whatever else pet peeve that he's got or whatever Maha whispers told him or whatever RFK Jr. and him have cooked up?
So where does it stop?
When you give somebody sort of godlike powers, where does it stop?
And if you think about,
 people now with all the universities and their funding with the NIH and all this other stuff that's happening and grants being pulled away.
If you've just finished your PhD in STEM, especially in sort of a medical field, would you wanna do your postdoc in the US?
 Or would you say, okay, well, what if my grant gets pulled?
Or would you go, well, there's this lab in Amsterdam that also does what I'm interested in.
So I'm gonna see if they'll take me, right?
So are we gonna have this brain drain?
We're gonna have these people, cause they can't get jobs.
I mean, I've heard of people had their PhDs canceled because the grants are all gone.
So what are all of these things mean?
And I think that we're looking at catastrophic harm.
 And we're just talking about medicine.
I mean, whatever's happening in medicine, you got to assume they're putting the same people in, in climate science and all these other things.
I mean, you know, they got rid of, I believe if I'm correct saying this, the whole scientific arm of the EPA.
So you can dump whatever into the water, I guess that's okay.
But we got rid of...
 Food, diet, Cheerios.
It's all a distraction.
It's bread and circuses.
So yeah.
Yeah.
 We're going to stitch these clips together really well.
They sent a private jet.
I love pharma.
Well, I wasn't the only one on it though.
I want to just be like, you know, fair, be honest about that.
Well, it was you, Dr. Gundry, Dr. No, no, I just, that's when I was.
And, and so it's very easy.
And so, you know, I, I did work for a pharma for about three or four years.
And,
 I was really unaware of it when I moved to the United States.
I was basically told by my department that this is how you make up for the sucky academic salaries, right?
The guys in private practice are making two or three times, you're making a third.
This is how you make up the difference.
And so that's what I was kind of told.
And then very quickly I was like, okay, this isn't right.
And then there was just, once you're in it, you realize there's no way to, you just, it's, you have to get out.
You're in the web.
 Yeah, you just got to be out of it.
Like it's just, you know, the tendrils are sticky, I think.
So yeah, I think that, you know, if, would I care if I made a message about a product being, you know, I just make message about products if I think they're good or not.
I try to use generic names if I can.
I'm a, you know,
 But yeah, I just, it's just not for me.
I think that, um, I've been out and Heinz, once you're out of something, it just gives you so much more perspective kind of looking back.
So, well, let me ask you a controversial question.
Um, we turned down almost everything from pharma related.
We did do a campaign with Abbott.
 to encourage people to donate blood.
It was a nationwide campaign.
I would go to events.
We made viral video content about it.
Do you think that compromises my ability to give accurate information?
So what's Abbott's I'm curious.
They, their largest tester of blood donated blood.
I just has sort of donated blood, but it, um, it, it, by your definition, it feels like it should compromise me.
And then there were arms to look at a diet, a low-fat diet for risk of breast cancer, and then calcium and vitamin D for fracture prevention and whatever else they were looking for with that.
 And so in the two hormone arms, there were about 27,000 people.
Pretty big, you know, randomized trial.
And the problem is people don't put the trial in context.
And somebody like Dr. Marty McCary, who doesn't see women as a gynecologist in the office, he's not managing menopause care,
 I don't know what he was doing in the late 1990s when this came out, but as someone who was seeing patients, what I can tell you is the message that we had received from animal studies and observational studies, and we've talked about the limits of observational studies, was that estrogen may well be cardioprotective, and maybe we should be giving it to everybody for that.
I mean, we had seven-year-olds coming in, and I was like, sure, I'm gonna go to hormone therapy, it's supposed to be cardioprotective.
That's what we believed, and so that's why
 the average age of the population was 63, because we were saying, you know, for all women who are relatively low risk, should we be prescribing this?
And the other reason that people were past the age of menopause, but they were really trying to enroll people who didn't have hot flashes, or a significant percentage who did, because obviously you would know, right?
If you were taking medication, you're like, whoa, like all my hot flashes have gone.
You probably would be suspicious that you were given the medication, right?
 So that's the context that's often forgotten when it's discussed and you can't blame a trial for not doing what you wanted it to do.
And what is the criticism of the age group?
Well, so the age group is that we were starting too old.
And that what we found from the study was when menopausal hormone therapy has started later, after the age of 60 to 65, that there's an increased risk of cardiovascular complications and increased risk of dementia.
Yeah, I think so too.
Because at one point they were sending out letters and like getting the Kardashians warnings and such.
I believe it was the Kardashians.
Yeah, that's right over one of the morning sickness drugs.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, I mean, we've been approached by Pharma and I'm very open about this because I'm actively trying to figure out being that my business is in advertising, essentially.
That's what a show is.
And when we pick our sponsors, we try and be so thoughtful because we're representing a level of authority.
And we're always trying to say, what's that line?
So for example, us doing a sponsorship with a cybersecurity firm.
To me, it's like not compromising my medical ethics.
Cool, let's do it.
 But then pharma becomes trickier, right?
Abbott in that example for me is like, I would absolutely love to get this message out there of improving blood donation, especially after the pandemic, young folks completely stopped donating blood.
So we needed to get them excited and we were able to partner do something special.
But then other times they'll come to us and say, hey, promote this drug.
It's a drug for a known condition.
And it's a drug that perhaps I prescribe, but why would I prescribe that drug when there's a cheaper generic available?
 we're turning that down, even though there's huge sums of money.
And it's like, it's almost like you could, you could, I could easily talk myself into it.
Well, it's a drug I use and I'm just talking about how it works, but I know I wouldn't recommend that to a patient.
So if I, my bar is like, if I would say this genuinely to a patient, I'll accept the deal on that behalf.
If I will not say to a patient,
 and we're not gonna do it.
And we've done the same with over-the-counter stuff, like pain relievers.
Oh, we have this new combo pain reliever pill, promote it and say it's the best for this condition.
I would never say that to a patient.
You know, it's such a benign thing.
Like no one's gonna come after me saying like, oh, he's going after a headache medicine, what a sellout.
But it to me just doesn't, it doesn't pass that sniff test.
So that's why some people definitely report an exacerbation or a recurrence of their BV after every period.
 And one way we can actually help them with that is put them on hormonal contraception so they don't get a period.
And the extra estrogen in the birth control pill may also help the good bacteria.
So that's that.
With yeast it's different and it's while low iron seems to be a risk factor for yeast infection, it's probably more related to the immune system.
And the biggest thing is that
 that probably the hormonal fluctuations are actually having that effect on the immune system or potentially on your itch threshold, that's also a possibility.
And so a lot of, so people can certainly report often their itchings worse right before their period starts.
And so that could be due to dropping levels of progesterone, dropping levels of estrogen, it's hard to know.
But so we often see these cyclic variations.
And so I would say that's most likely more driven by a hormonal effect.
 Got it.
Well, I think we covered a lot today.
That's pretty good.
From Maha to the vagina and back again.
Yeah, I think that's great.
Where can people follow along your journey?
People can find me everywhere at Dr. Jen Gunter and I have a sub stack called the Vagenda with a J.
 And that's where I write about just all things that interest me about women's health.
And your book.
And my book, my latest book is Blood, the Science, Medicine, and Mythology of Menstruation.
It's coming out in paperback in September, they tell me.
So don't waste your money on the hardcover.
Get the soft covers, coming out soon.
Or get it from the library.
 Awesome.
Well, thank you so much for your time, doctor.
This was an insightful conversation.
I think a lot of people will get benefit from, so thank you.
Thank you so much for having me.
Turns out there are a ton of everyday things that you do that might actually be harming your skin.
Click here to see that video and as always stay happy and healthy.
 Welcome to Huberman Lab Essentials, where we revisit past episodes for the most potent and actionable science-based tools for mental health, physical health, and performance.
 I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine.
I decided that we would hold office hours.
Office hours in the university setting are when students come to the professor's office or you meet outdoors on campus or in the classroom to review the material and questions from lecture in more detail.
Now, unfortunately, we don't have the opportunity to meet face-to-face,
 in real life, but nonetheless, you've been sending your questions, putting them in the comment section on YouTube, et cetera.
And I prepared a number of answers to the questions that have shown up most frequently.
 Now, in order to provide context and structure to the way that we will address these questions, I've arranged the science and science-based protocols that relate to various aspects of life, such as mood, exercise, sleep, waking, anxiety, creativity, et cetera, into the context of a day.
Selecting the unit of a day in order to deliver this science information and protocols is not a haphazard decision on my part.
 It's actually the case that every cell in our body, every organ in our body and our brain is modulated or changes across the 24-hour day in a very regular and predictable rhythm.
And so selecting the unit of the day is not just a practical one, but it's one that's related to our deeper biology.
So let's talk about how to apply quality peer-reviewed science to your day.
 and how to optimize everything from sleep to learning, creativity, meal timing, et cetera.
I'm going to do this in the context of my day and what I typically do.
I tend to wake up sometime around 6 a.m., 6.30.
 But those can generally be batched into two categories.
First is strength and hypertrophy work.
So physical movements that are designed to make you stronger and or make your muscles larger.
There's also endurance work.
 physical exercise and movements that are designed to allow you to do more work over time, or to extend the amount of time that you can do work of any kind, both physical and mental.
The data all point to the fact that working out hard for longer than an hour can actually be detrimental because of the way that it raises cortisol.
And cortisol can be a good thing if it's appropriately timed and in the appropriate low levels, but you don't want to have your cortisol levels up
 throughout the day or have big spikes of cortisol repeatedly.
So keeping workouts relatively short can definitely help with that.
Endurance work and strength training or hypertrophy training done in combination, meaning not necessarily in the same workout, but done across the week.
 is immensely beneficial for the production of things like brain-derived nootrophic factor, for limiting inflammatory cytokines like IL-6, for promoting anti-inflammatory cytokines like IL-10, provided that exercises of the proper duration and that it's not so intense that you're actually creating damage to the various systems of the body.
 What about the structure of the actual workouts?
Well, approximately 80% of the resistance training you do should be resistance training that doesn't go to what they call failure, where you can't actually move the resistance anymore.
The other 20% can be of the higher intensity to failure type training.
 That 80-20 rule of less than failure and work to failure in the resistance exercise regime can be transported or translated to the endurance exercise portion by focusing on that thing that we're familiar with, which is the burn.
And immediately after that, your temperature will start to rise.
That temperature rise is actually what triggers the initial cortisol release that you experience and wakes you up further.
And then of course, that sunlight that you're getting is going to further enhance that healthy release of cortisol.
 That cortisol will then provide fuel, if you will, for that increase in temperature, and your body will continue to increase in temperature throughout the day toward the afternoon.
What you're trying to do in this idea of optimizing this 90-minute work bout to a particular time of day is catch the portion of the steepest slope of that temperature rise.
So if you're somebody who wakes up at 8 a.m. each morning, your temperature minimum is 6 a.m.,
 Chances are you're going to want to start this work bout somewhere around 10 a.m. or 11 a.m. Now, some people wake up and feel very alert first thing in the morning.
They can really do their best work first thing in the morning.
Please, if that's you, continue to do that.
Leverage that time.
Use that time.
 But if you're somebody who struggles to find focus, definitely let your physiology and this rise in your body temperature support your efforts to focus rather than trying to do your best work at times of day when your physiology is actually
 directing your body and your brain toward defocus and towards being more lethargic.
It just is setting yourself up for success when you try and capture this rising phase of your temperature.
Data going back to the 1990s supports the idea that physical movement of particular kinds can support brain health and brain function, both in the immediate term and in the longterm.
 So after I've finished a bout of work, this 90 minute bout of work, I force myself to do some sort of physical exercise that is going to be supportive of my brain health and brain function and organ health and bodily function in general.
The buildup of adenosine accumulates the longer we are awake.
When you wake up in the morning, your adenosine levels are likely to be very low.
However,
 Caffeine is an adenosine blocker.
It's actually a competitive antagonist for you aficionados.
It sort of parks in the receptor that adenosine normally would park at and prevents adenosine from acting on that receptor.
That's why you feel more alert.
The reason for delaying caffeine intake 90 minutes to two hours after waking is I want to make sure that I don't have a late afternoon or even early afternoon crash from caffeine.
 One of the best ways to ensure a caffeine crash is to drink a bunch of caffeine, block all those adenosine receptors, and then by early or late afternoon, when that caffeine starts to wear off and gets dislodged from the receptors, a lower level of adenosine is able to create a greater level of sleepiness.
Delaying caffeine to 90 minutes to two hours optimizes this relationship between adenosine and wakefulness and sleepiness.
 in a way that really provides a nice consistent arc of energy throughout the day and brings energy down as I'm headed toward sleep and falling asleep.
My primary objective early in the day is to get into a mode of being focused yet alert so that I can get work done.
 I found that the best way for me to achieve that state is through fasting.
So I don't eat anything until about 11 a.m. or 12 noon.
Fasting increases levels of adrenaline, also called epinephrine in the brain and body.
And when our levels of epinephrine and adrenaline are increased,
 We learn better, we can focus better.
You don't want epinephrine, aka adrenaline, too high.
That feels like stress and panic.
You get jittery, you can't focus.
 That is strongly disruptive, very disruptive for our dopamine production.
It can really screw up our sleep.
But if you can get outside and see the sun as it arcs down, or if you can't see the sun directly, get some sunlight in your eyes in the afternoon hours, so maybe 4 p.m. ish.
What it does is it lowers the sensitivity of your retina in the late evening hours, which allows you
 to buffer yourself against the negative effects of bright light later at night.
Now, we haven't talked too much about melatonin, but melatonin is a hormone that is inhibited by light.
Melatonin is the hormone that allows you to fall asleep easily.
Now, I'm not talking about supplementing melatonin, I'm talking about melatonin that you naturally produce from your pineal.
 So the protocol is very simple, get outside in the afternoon or evening for 10 to 30 minutes, take your sunglasses off, so get that afternoon light.
So what you'll probably notice is that the optimal protocols for optimizing your brain and body health and performance and sleep, et cetera, are actually really simple.
 But just because they're simple does not mean that they are not powerful.
In fact, they are very powerful because they leverage the most powerful technology that exists, which is your nervous system.
What we are talking about today are really basic things that we can all do that can steer our neurology and our biology in the directions that are going to support workflow, that are going to support hormones, that are going to support brain function.
So at some point in the evening, I eat that thing that we call dinner and
 While it feels sort of strange to talk about my dinner, the reason I want to talk about my dinner and what I eat for dinner is that for me, dinner, of course, is about eating, but also about optimizing the transition to sleep.
 I want to emphasize that although people's schedules vary, most people are doing more than one or two work bouts per day.
And indeed I'm doing more than one or two work bouts per day.
I really emphasize that morning 90 minute work block because I think most people would agree that there's a portion of each day in which we need to do the hardest thing or the most important thing, or the thing that demands the most of our cognitive self.
 I position that early in the day and I position everything around that in order to ensure that it happens and that it happens with the highest degree of efficiency, even though that morning 90 minute work block is so vital.
Of course, there's a second work block.
So combined, that's just three hours of focused work, which may not seem like a lot, but if you were to dissect your day and kind of look at the arc and structure of your day, I'd be willing to bet that
 if we added up the total period of time in which you were in deep work, really focused, dedicated work, that it would probably amount to about three or four hours.
And of course, throughout the day, there are other things happening outside of those 90 minute work blocks.
I'm checking my text messages.
I'm checking my email.
I'm responding to various demands.
I'm working and tending to life.
 So while I've carved some boundaries or delineate some boundaries around those work blocks, and I'm certain that if you do too, you will benefit from them.
Of course, please adapt and modify what I've described today in ways that best serve you and your schedule.
What I've tried to do is provide you scientific support,
 specific protocols and regimens, because people are always asking me for more specificity and detail, and an example of one way, just one way, in which these various tools and protocols that are grounded in science could be leveraged in one's own life.
And last but not least, thank you for your interest in science.
 I'm Larry Wheels with Tony, the owner of Fusion Gym, and we are here at the world's largest outdoor gym here in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
This gym is unlike anything I've ever seen before, and we're going to give you a full tour.
 All right, Tony, how big is this gym?
The entire outdoor facility is about 150,000 square feet.
Right behind me, I see what looks to be at least 100 machines.
 That's about 150 pieces of plate-loaded and selectorized machines, along with a full free-weight area and squat rack area.
So let's start with what's right behind me, the plate-loaded stuff.
What's the mix of equipment you have here?
We have, I mean, something for everyone.
I mean, we have dozens of pieces for upper body, for lower body.
And it's two to three pieces of every single machine, so you're never going to have to wait while you work out.
And if you're waiting while you work out, you can play some basketball or even pickleball.
We'll show you guys that in a little bit.
And right here, I'm looking at some relentless equipment.
Is this your band?
 Solid.
So how many pieces do you think here from just your brand alone is there?
About 150 pieces.
All right.
Oh, it's all relentless.
Mostly relentless and nautilus.
All right.
Solid.
What are some unique pieces that you think nobody has?
We have the plate loaded pec fly.
We have the bilateral hip press.
Love this machine.
We need one at my gym.
This is sick.
Then we got the power squats.
 Not just one, but two.
How many of each do you have?
It depends on the machine and the popularity.
It could be anywhere from two to four.
Most leg machines, we typically have three to four of each one.
Solid.
This one's cool.
This is a dual.
This is a high row and a chest press.
So it's an incline as well as a row machine.
Now the maintenance for these things must be crazy.
What's that look like?
 Yeah, man.
I mean, our guys are out here literally every single day wiping the machine down.
Because again, it's open to the elements.
So we're wiping it down throughout the day consistently.
We're cleaning the turf consistently.
 And then we have these single nautilus stations as well for your entire upper body as well as your lower body.
I'm sitting at a hotel in New York right now where the entire gym has just this.
One of these and that's it.
Literally just this, nothing else.
And then I see you got some mirrors over here.
So I want to point this out because the gym I just left
 had these mirrors inside of the squat racks.
So is there going to be something like that here as well?
Of course, yeah.
Interesting.
Where is it going to go?
 right across the back.
So there's about six wide racks in the back, exact same thing we're going to have here as well.
But again, that stuff takes a little bit more time to curate and build and manufacture.
And we just couldn't get it done in time for the season.
But next season, it's going to be completely different here.
Now, what's the vibe going to be like here on an average summer day?
Because you got a huge bar area, what, 40 feet long?
 Yeah, it's 140 feet long.
140 feet long, excuse me.
So you could be able to like drink and get a workout at it?
Is it like a full bar or like a smoothie bar?
Yeah, no, so it's going to be one or the other, right?
So like, you'll have to work.
If you go into the bar, you won't be able to go into the gym after.
So when you go into the bar, you'll get stabbed.
So if you want to work out, you have to go to the gym section first, and then you can hang out in the beach club after.
Beach club is roughly about 50,000 square feet, seating for about 600.
And then we're going to be bringing some of the biggest DJs in the world to be performing right outside.
 on top of the shipping container and we'll show you guys that from the other side.
And before we walk to the other side, I want to point out, you just said before we start filming, there's going to be a massive screen wall to wall.
 It's going to have an LED screen.
I'll kind of show you a sneak preview specifically here on Larry's channel.
So this is what we're going to be building over the winter.
Four mega pools, hot tubs, cold plunges, and then a massive screen.
So this gym portion here will be getting shifted down there and the beach club will be expanding this.
So the beach club itself will be about 75,000 square feet.
Unbelievable.
You got a sauna over there.
How big is that?
Four foot sauna by eight and a half feet wide.
And we custom built it here on site.
The entire interior is wrapped in cedar.
The coal plungers will be right next to it.
So now we can walk through this divider here to the beach club area.
 I can just imagine the vibe here with the DJ blasting music, people getting a good workout in, sun out, the water right there, beautiful view.
This is unlike anything, unlike anything I've seen.
Yeah.
And then if you look behind you, you're not going to just come here for vibes.
You're also actually going to just be able to hang out and eat for the day.
So we have two full restaurants.
And then next year, we're going to have 10 of these from this end all the way down.
We'll have one for sushi.
We'll have one for Mexican food, pizza, hot chicken.
So we'll have one for each style of cuisine.
So you can grab some food.
 You can play basketball, pickleball, you can hang out, we'll have hammocks.
It's really going to be like we brought Miami and Cali and we smacked it down here at the showboard in Atlantic City.
I love that.
I love that.
That's sick.
 area.
So one of the fastest growing sports in the world right now is pickleball.
So we wanted to bring it to the fitness community.
So we have nine full pickleball courts, lounge area, and then as you sit there and watch your friends play, you can order a drink, you can order some food, you can literally just hang out, catch vibes while playing pickleball, and then we have three full basketball courts as well.
Now when I look at this, I think, damn,
 Being able to sit down, watch pickleball, chill, and get service.
I'm trying to figure out how many people you need to work out here alone, just in the outdoor area at the same time.
What would it take to staff this right?
 We have about 75 people on staff, but during peak season, it could be anywhere, depending on the event we have, it could be 75 to 100 people, 150 people.
Damn, these pickleball courts are beautiful.
It is tremendous.
Like I'm looking at this basketball court now, and this is a full-size court.
Yeah, these are three full courts.
Each one's about 5,000 square feet.
It is roomy.
 The coolest part of our gym is not anything that you've seen so far.
There's more.
So behind that glass wall, covered in that glass dome, is our own water park.
Get the hell out.
Here at Showboat, it's 150,000 square feet.
It's 95 degrees all year long.
So literally in the middle of the winter, you could be in there in the tropics.
You could literally be in Miami in middle of the winter.
And our eventual goal, once this takes off,
 is to extend that glass dome over this entire space.
Wait, across this entire area?
The whole area.
No kidding.
So that's our goal over the next, I'd say, 12 months.
So we have our final inspections this week.
Fingers crossed we open in the next week or so.
Again, this was not something that we planned long-term.
It was something that we came across the right opportunity at the right time, and we grabbed the bulls by the horn, and we literally built this literally in three months.
Unbelievable.
You guys are hauling ass out here.
 And right now, that glass structure, is that brand new?
Yeah, that's about two years old.
Yeah, so that's a fairly new addition to Show Boat.
We'll take you guys in there next and kind of show you the entire water park and everything we have to offer.
And this is not just for people in fitness, right?
So our entire resort is built around family, fun, and fitness.
So the family part came first.
We have New Jersey's biggest arcade inside.
It's about 75,000 square feet.
Then we have a 50,000 square foot indoor go-kart, and then 150,000 square foot
 Literally waterpark on the beach.
It is impossible to not have a good time while you're here.
Yeah.
I can't think of anything you cannot do when you're here.
All right, now let's get to the really fun part.
What did all this cost?
Because even the turf we're walking on right now has got to be a pretty penny.
We have about 90,000 square feet of turf.
It's about half a million dollars.
 Just on the turf.
Damn.
Damn.
And then the equipment.
Hey, man.
How you doing, sir?
How you doing, man?
I'm watching both sides.
Let's grab it, for sure.
Have a good workout, bro.
So, when the new outdoor gym opens, will this get shut down?
Or are you going to keep this open as well?
No, this will still be open, yeah.
Okay.
 because not everyone wants to work out outside.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Especially on a windy, cold day.
Yeah.
Or a rainy day.
Right, right, true.
Until that glass dome goes over it.
Exactly.
Pleasure.
Thank you, man.
Have a good day.
So, 80 feet high, four slides outside, and then you pop out on the inside.
Own flow rider on the inside.
 Yeah.
Unbelievable.
This is like a slow day.
Yeah.
It's a regular Tuesday.
And then this is another slide.
Same thing goes outside and pops back in on the inside.
Now what's this area right here immediately outside of the dome where the turf is?
Just a hangout area for now.
Yeah.
 So right now, we're looking at 150,000 square feet of outdoor gym.
What used to be there before?
Anything?
Just sand?
Just sand.
I'll take you on that roof down there so you get a nice crazy shot.
Look at this view, bro.
Ah, damn.
 There will be a subsect of people who very much feel that it was a necessary evil, potentially, to get the message out.
Sometimes when I think about the whole picture, it's just mind-blowing that this is even a thing.
Seems like a movie, almost.
It's just absurd.
 Derek, welcome to the show.
Thanks for having me, dude.
You broke the internet this week, man.
What the fuck?
No, wild.
Yeah, absolutely wild.
Has there ever been this much attention on you, do you think?
I don't know, to be honest.
 I feel like the thing is so much bigger than me at this point that I don't even know if it's necessarily attention on me or just the situation at large.
That's a really, really good point.
Yeah.
So it's, it's tough to say, but probably not.
Maybe when I went on Rogan last year, I think it got a decent amount of attention, but I don't know.
How long have you been working on this?
Um, as far as like the actual editing and putting together, you know, the script and whatnot.
Um, I think in totality it was like a month probably.
Yeah.
 That's a big project.
Yeah.
Fuck.
Especially for a guy who usually just films off the cuff and just talks, you know, whatever comes to mind kind of thing.
Yes.
So you've put this hour long documentary out that is talking about emails that you've received explaining what the Liver King was taking in terms of his steroid cycle, in terms of some bits of blood work and health markers and all the rest of it that you've done from that.
 Obviously you've been with this content for a long time and then you release it into the world.
You know how you reacted to it and then you're going to make predictions about how the public's going to react.
What are your thoughts on the reaction to this information so far?
It's kind of mm-hmm And again, I think this is where like Brian could come in and be educating and actually say this is you know like he knows why stuff is actually useful and healthy or has actual utility in a clinical setting but I
 He very much foregoes that because it just doesn't fit the, well, up to now, it hadn't fit the narrative, essentially.
Would you be surprised if the volume of drugs that it's likely that he's taken wouldn't have taken a little bit of time off his health span?
Oh, for sure.
Yeah, it's definitely not conducive to longevity.
 The bigger you are, the more muscle you have.
OK, this is too vague of a statement because I was about to say if you have too much muscle, you're going to die quicker.
In general, humans who are bigger and have more demands from their organs to support their infrastructure are going to live a shorter amount of time.
In general, like a small tiny Asian woman is probably going to outlive the jacked brontosaurus human that's on a bodybuilding stage every single time.
Why?
 because of the stress and taxation it takes to support the demands of that tissue.
So and also it depends how regulating you are of things like blood pressure.
Are you letting it get out of whack?
Do you have a resting heart rate of like, are you like borderline tachycardia all the time with 100 resting heart rate and you're never getting to sleep because you're so jacked up on androgens or like whatever.
Like there are so many things that play into it.
It's multifactorial for sure.
But in general, if you are just a
 And again, this isn't to say because there is definitely a push in the longevity community to be protein deficient and be as small as possible and be frail and just live a terrible life, but live to 100 plus.
It's just what I do.
He literally says when people ask, what NMN do you take?
And he's like, I don't have a recommendation.
He actually ended up, I think, starting to say Alive by Nature was the one that he began using after a while.
Something tells me the only reason that he gave up any brand that he uses was simply because he was sick of being asked which brand it is that he used.
It was like a fucking just take anything from me.
 Yeah, it's a wild and odd scenario that I feel like the maybe not the exact same, but like Huberman or Sinclair, they often find themselves in a weird situation where they'll talk about something they feel is promising, but they're so influential that it then spurs people trying to buy it, as you would expect.
 And then when they ask him for his recommendation, he's like, do I just tell you a brand?
Or are you going to then think I have some sort of like, well, also you're adding in, I've done the due diligence about Tonga Alley and Fidogia Regrestus, let's say, and I've looked at the data on the back end of that.
You're going to then ask me for a supplement recommendation off the back of that, which now requires me to go and do a whole shit ton more.
 investigation in order to see whether double words or guerrilla mode or like whatever it is is like the optimal product for me to go and take.
So I understand the hesitation around that but when I first spoke to David and the longevity r slash longevity reddit was going off
 It's a very passionate community in a way that few others are.
And I wonder how much of the longevity communities like real vehement obsession and passion for it is kind of like a denial of death thing.
In general, a lot of guys will realize quite quickly that everyone they're competing against, even as low as the entry level shows, are using shit and then they feel compelled to do so as well because to be competitive among those guys,
 It's just like a necessary evil, unfortunately.
Depending on your genetics, you might be able to get somewhat far.
But once you get to the pro ranks, you're not going to win top shows at all if you're natural.
It's just impossible.
So let's say that someone hasn't dropped dead at 45.
I'm going to guess in terms of health, health outcomes, being able to live a normal life which isn't assisted with a ton of drugs on the outside, is that a risk as well?
 Yeah.
So, and let me sort of circle back to the, the dying at 45 thing.
That's like the war.
If somebody is full tilt, maintaining these high body weights perpetually and doing it for, you know, 10, 20 years and probably predisposed.
Yeah.
Like some of these, some guys will drop in their twenties when they are in this, uh, in pro bodybuilding talking about, uh, Boston Lloyd last night.
 Yeah, obviously people will use him as a outlier because his use of drugs was so extreme and just such He often would neglect even getting Diagnostics to assess things and he just I don't know like again I don't have all the insight on exactly what he was doing or not doing but it seemed you know, it was a lot of
 You mean like, you'd be dead at 45?
Potentially, yeah.
Like, if you were going hard from, like, teenagehood to 45, blasting every single offseason, weighing up to 300 pounds, you know, cutting down to, you know, 260, 270, staying on stage, you know, sometimes less.
It depends on the height of the guy, whatever.
I think the top guys at the sport, like, I would be impressed if they came out at 45 years old, retired, and were, like, still lived a normal duration of life.
 And is that common to if you have the right genetics and you get picked up and you start doing junior shows as soon as someone hits 18, 19, 20, 21, is that the sort of beginning of their use of steroids?
 I'm not debating that.
I think it is highly useful.
The problem is with online dating is you very much can't convey your humor as well often or your tonality or certain things that might otherwise set you apart in person.
So I'm not saying that you shouldn't rely on just online dating because a lot of guys will just crush it if they're have good enough pictures and they have a good enough profile.
 But mostly pictures like they'll crush it, but a lot of guys won't like.
I don't know if you've seen the statistics on Tinder success rates of men versus women.
It's like I don't know what it is now, but it's probably like 5% of men get 90 to 95% of the girls or something.
And it's like, well, then what do you do?
Are you just fucked?
Do you just do nothing like?
Obviously you need to if you want some level of I don't know, like a high quality relationship in your life, you have to take some action in some capacity and I don't think the excuses.
Well, it's just not going to happen because Tinder didn't work out like.
 Figure it out.
Dude, I like it.
I really appreciate you, man.
Thank you for coming and seeing me.
What have you got coming up next?
Is there anything cool that people should expect from you?
I'm doing a pod with Zach Tellender, which is gonna be cool.
You can do that right after this.
I have a couple other podcasts coming up that hopefully you guys will find interesting or useful in some capacity.
They might vary in, I don't know, how information tense they are or like,
 what the style is.
I'm trying to like get out of my comfort zone a little bit and do some more different styles of podcasts that I haven't done before.
So hopefully that is well received.
And, but in general, you know, you can find me on YouTube, more plates, more dates or on social media and any of those, uh, that handle on any of the social media platforms.
Thanks man.
I appreciate you right on you as well.
Thanks man.
 What's happening, people?
Thank you very much for tuning in.
If you enjoyed that episode, then press here for a selection of the best clips from the podcast over the last few weeks.
And don't forget to subscribe.
Peace.
 Lads, there we see them.
There they are, there they are, there they are, there they are.
Oh my god, oh my god.
Alright, you ready, you ready?
Across this river is an island with hundreds of ancient tribes.
One of them eats humans.
 Is that a bone arrow?
I think they're pointing bone arrows at us.
He's not looking friendly.
I'm about to make contact and live with one of the last remaining cannibal tribes on earth.
Oh my God, I hope they don't kill us.
How do we say I come in peace?
Seriously, this is terrifying.
They're huge bones.
This is the Bowsie tribe, an incredibly isolated and ancient tribe deep in the jungle of Papua, rumoured to have one of the last living cannibals.
So I've got like an offering for them.
This is the way to basically bargain our way and try and make them accept us.
 With the tribe being so isolated from the world, we had no idea if they would accept us or kill us.
Got salt.
Put it in your hands.
Put it in my hand?
Open it and just put it in your hands.
This is tobacco.
And with every move, we were risking our lives.
Oh, God.
He doesn't like it.
He doesn't like it.
All right, guys, let's move back, maybe.
We have to go out.
He's not into that.
Not really welcome.
It's really dangerous.
I'm not going to lie.
That is absolutely terrifying.
We'll come back.
 Demi, they're scary.
I'm sorry I had to take you here.
Do they normally not accept people?
Here, not really guaranteed.
This is Demi, our guide, who will be joining us and one of the only people to have survived making contact with the Bawsi tribe.
Last week, 11 people were killed and now tourists cannot go there.
No one knows.
They killed him.
This is alive and dead.
 Expect to be killed.
Do you want to do it?
Maybe you should do it.
It's okay, it's okay.
You try again.
You might be wondering why I would even want to make contact with the Bowsie tribe.
It is because the cannibal within this tribe has never officially confessed to eating human meat.
And we're here to get them to admit to their dark past.
Well, as we're going in for round two, thank you to Salee for sponsoring this video.
 And don't forget to hit subscribe so you never miss one of our videos.
 There's a fried gloop gloop and it's got a few goodies in there if you can see that.
That's right, we're eating worms mixed into fried gloop gloop all by ourselves.
Bottoms up guys.
Oh yeah.
 Ooh, like, psych.
Don't throw it, please.
I'm fine.
I'm gonna eat it.
You have to make yourself happy.
I'm making myself so happy right now, Demi.
It's exhausting eating this dry gloop gloop and the maggots.
Yeah, I think it's all right, actually.
Yeah.
This is way better than just plain old gloop gloop.
This is the best gloop gloop I've ever had in my life.
 Having already spent so much time with the tribe, observing their culture, and doing everything in my power to gain their trust, I was still at a loss of what to do.
That was, until this.
 You want any of that?
Yeah, I'll grab the white.
Feeding a cannibal worms was not on my bucket list.
Oh, he eats the whole thing.
But here we were.
Pretty good.
And it was beautiful.
Oh, he's going to take the whole thing if he wants to.
You want the whole thing?
Yeah.
Oh, he loves it.
He just stole my whole meal.
 Sharing the worms made me realize something.
 We didn't know what the tribe wanted from us, but all we knew is that in order to survive and to find out which of them has been eating people, we would have to do everything they asked of us.
To survive for today or tomorrow, in these coming days, we must make sure we follow them.
If they ask us to build a house, just do.
If they don't like you, they will kill you.
It's very easy.
 So our survival depends on us literally just doing everything they do and what they say.
Now, as you can imagine, asking anyone if they're a cannibal is not going to go down too well.
Do you think they will literally tell an outsider, talk about the cannibalism to an outsider, like if we do the right stuff?
I think they don't, they want to tell about it because that's a taboo for them.
That's really, really impossible to talk.
 First of all, they have to trust you first.
If not, they won't.
Okay.
We make fun of these times.
So we're trying to speedrun it.
Speedrun.
Friends with a cannibal.
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Let's go.
 But Demi made sure we were warned.
Cannibalism is not something they celebrate.
It is a dark secret.
When the Bawsi tribe came into contact with modern civilization in the 1970s, this kind of secret would have become heavily guarded.
And so my plan for now is to just observe before I make any moves.
And this is when we were introduced to the only food available when there was no meat left.
 And it was pretty disgusting.
Wow, it is so dry.
What is this?
Sagu.
Sagu is a tree.
We are literally eating trees right now.
Where is the food in the tree?
In the trunk or up top?
In the trunk.
This is crazy.
 I didn't know you could just eat a tree.
Without meat, the tribe clearly have to resort to some strange things to eat, which made the current lack of food pretty concerning.
We've learned to poison little cricket grasshoppers and then eat those later.
This is a mosquito net, by the way.
Dunking its face into poison.
And then it's eating it.
I don't want to eat that.
But the most disturbing food they ate was the Papuan glue.
 This looks like gunk, man.
Powder extracted from the tree is soaked in swamp water and pressed through a cloth before being left out to dry for days, forming a glue-like substance called seagull.
Yeah, this is a glue food.
Papuan people survived with this for three months.
Which we all thought was a pile of glue.
This looks so weird.
So this is what the tree turns into.
 After having witnessed the conditions it was made in, I didn't want to eat this.
But refusing to eat their food could be seen as disrespectful.
I had no other choice.
Not very nice.
Oops.
 Yeah, it's definitely a bit weird, man.
You wanna try it?
Oh, come on.
Brother, eat it.
Eat them.
Um, no.
Well, yeah, you should try it.
That was a big bite.
 Even Demi was struggling.
With food dangerously low, the chief ordered the group to go hunting.
And we were instructed to take part.
As we left camp, the mood was tense.
It was clear everyone was hungry.
 Failure to find any food could mean the tribe go hungry, which could put us in some serious danger.
And after hours of traveling, we finally saw something.
So before they try, make sure they know this is probably going to be the most sour thing they've ever tasted.
 Get that into your son.
Hell yeah.
Would you like one?
They don't like it.
They're definitely lying.
They don't like it.
They like it.
Yes!
 Does this have any medicinal purposes, or this is just like, I'm really thirsty, I'm just gonna drink a bottle?
Yes, when you feel thirsty, you just drink it.
Wow, okay.
He holds it like a real man.
I could show them a dance.
They're the most polite cannibals you could ever find.
Honestly, this is a very intense thing to look at.
Nice one, Michael.
Don't stick your tongue out like that.
No, you don't like it?
Ah, I want it.
That's nice.
 I made him laugh.
Please don't eat me.
 Yeah, that's very good.
Thank you.
Michael, get in there and shake his hand.
He's hugging us all.
 Nice, that was so cool.
Thank you.
Okay, Vital.
Not at all.
 Getting them to admit it was proving difficult.
I'm still an outsider, and we've got cameras.
Are you sure you didn't eat a human?
Are you lying to us?
You may be lying now.
All right, so it's harder to get it out of them than I thought.
He's the cannibal.
He told, I kill and then I eat human.
That's what he told us.
And I still remember.
It means this guy is still keeping the secrecy.
 I thought at this point we had completely failed in our mission.
But as soon as it looked like we cut our cameras, we actually caught footage we were never expecting.
The following footage is a professionally translated conversation between Demi and a member of the Bowsie tribe.
 They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording.
They were not aware the camera was recording
 I'm afraid not I think.
 So last month, I became single.
My six year relationship came to an end.
And honestly, I wanted time alone.
I wanted to escape from humans, from big cities, from people, all of them.
So I looked at the world map and found a country that doesn't have many humans.
There's nothing around us.
 Nothing.
Nothing!
In fact, the country is 99.9% empty.
It is the emptiest country in the world.
And I decided to see it.
This is the incredible story of Green.
 When I landed in Greenland, I felt betrayed.
Somebody lied to me about the country name.
Greenland does not mean it's all green.
In fact, 90% of Greenland is white.
It is covered by a giant ice sheet that is whiter than snow white.
This is the ice sheet.
 This is the only place in Greenland where you can see the ice sheet where there is a road.
We are so lucky to be here and we're gonna go actually walk on the ice sheet very soon.
 So you can walk here all the way to East Greenland, all the way to North Greenland on this one huge ice.
Thousands of kilometers of ice.
Greenland is actually the largest island in the world.
And guess what?
It has zero trees.
 Zero.
This is amazing.
He likes me.
This guy likes me.
He's the leader.
No, you don't.
She does like me.
I'll give you a brother dog.
 It's the closest thing to a wall, and people use it to travel around to this day.
As a single guy, I was loving my time in Greenland.
Surrounded by nature, dogs, and icebergs.
 But then I missed people, and I wanted to know, who the hell lives in Greenland?
Turns out, in the world's largest island, only 57,000 people live.
And I found them!
Welcome to...
 The people of Greenland are way more interesting than nature.
They all have a European passport because Greenland is part of the Kingdom of Denmark.
But they also have a prime minister.
This is him.
I'm the prime minister of Greenland and everyone is welcome here in our country.
 The people of Greenland are called Inuit, the indigenous people of the Arctic.
They lived here for thousands of years.
And trust me, it's not easy living here.
When you walk in snow for one day, it reflects too much sunlight into your eyes.
It's called snow blindness.
 If you walk one day on the snow, you get snow blindness.
No trees grow naturally in the entire country because of the harsh weather.
And most of the trees you see here are actually planted.
But that doesn't matter because it's still magical.
They have huge icebergs that break into the ocean every summer.
 All of this broke from the ice sheets and they come here to this ocean to melt.
 Okay, this is why this city is interesting.
You look at this iceberg, this ice sheet, this whole ice sheet, this whole Greenland, it's coming out to the ocean where 40 meters of ice.
So 40 meters of this leave Greenland and enter the ocean every single day.
You can see them up close and even paddle around them.
 They have huge mountains with waterfalls.
You can get so close to it and drink iceberg water directly.
It tastes amazing.
It's really cold.
Or you can helicopter around to go from city to city.
This is the best feeling ever.
Helicoptering in Greenland, freezing cold, taking videos.
 That's the point of life.
Greenland has no highways and no trains.
Instead, it has dogs.
We are now in basically the middle of nowhere, about to go dogsledding with 19 dogs.
 19 dogs dog sledding.
This is the Greenlandic sled dog.
It is the only dog allowed in Northern Greenland because it is 100% pure and 100% cute.
And yellow means hospital.
The red means the schools, the church, and the groceries.
And the blue means the factories.
Green means the telecommunications.
 But why does every house have a color?
The houses are colored so you would know where to go when you come to the village.
Their phones are also unique.
They have the shortest phone numbers I ever saw because there's only 57,000 of them.
We are so few here that our phone numbers are only six digits.
The taxi number is 321-321 and my phone number is
 That's it?
That's it.
But the best thing about Greenland is the community.
It's only you and 57,000 people.
They will take care of you.
They will show you around.
They will smile at your camera and help you if you need help.
Because Greenland is so remote and so empty, humans rely on each other more.
 We Greenlanders love to help each other because this is the reason why we have survived our arctic environment.
They're friendlier and more welcoming than anywhere else.
 I came to this country wanting to be with nature and dogs and icebergs.
But after meeting so many locals, so many new friends, and humble prime ministers, I fell in love with Greenland.
It is way more than just an empty country.
It is a place full of life and beauty.
And even if you're single or not single, we all need a bit of Greenland in our life.
 You're welcome.
 This is the new Allegra's First Class Suite, and it's going to be our home for the next eight hours as we travel from Munich to New York.
Allegra's First was debuted earlier this year, and it's one of the newest first class seats in the sky.
This brand new cabin seats three to four passengers.
 Let me explain.
There are two suites by the windows and a giant suite in the middle that Lufthansa calls the Suite Plus, which can be private or shared by two people.
In this video, we're gonna be trying out Suite Plus, which includes a full floor-to-ceiling closing door, a couch that converts into a double bed.
I can stretch my legs and arms out as far as possible and they still don't touch the sides.
Maybe the biggest TV that exists on an airplane, and an extra bench that allows for a restaurant-style dining experience.
 So join us as we test out one of the best first-class experiences in the sky and attempt to make the most of this once-in-a-lifetime flight.
 We stayed in an airport hotel last night, so we are starting this adventure with a walk over to Terminal 2, which is where the first class check-in is.
Well, we have a confession.
We just went and checked in in the business and first class section when we could have come to this private room.
That's just for first class.
It doesn't matter.
You don't have to wait in a line.
It just feels like I'm missing out on something.
You want the full experience.
This is it.
Wow.
This feels special.
 It does not get much easier than that.
We made it through in about two minutes, thanks to the private first class security.
And now we're taking what might be an extra trek over to the satellite terminal.
There are multiple first class lounges here in Munich, but in all my research, I've heard that the one in the satellite terminal is the best.
So that's where we're heading now.
And we'll have about an hour before we board.
 Maximizing time in the lounge.
Welcome to seats 1D and E. Two seats, one room, one couch, middle of the plane.
 We get bored of sitting on that side.
We can come sit on this side.
You know, if we get in a little argument, just get as far away as I can.
Good afternoon.
Welcome aboard.
Thank you.
Are you the captain?
I'm the captain.
Wow.
So cool to meet you.
Very nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
Hello.
Hi.
That is definitely a first.
The captain has never come out and introduced himself to us before.
Then Anita came over and said, I'm going to bring you a fresh chow.
Do you want it to be hot or cold?
I don't think I've ever had that option before.
Cheers, Lufthansa.
Wow.
 Whoa, not a champagne connoisseur, but it is yummy.
Oh, these are good.
Memory foam slippers and jammies.
I do remember I was a little disappointed with my jammies when I flew the first first class product.
 Thank you.
Now is probably a good time to mention that we have flown the old Lufthansa first, so throughout this video I'm sure we'll be doing some comparison between the old first class and the new Allegris, which if you can't already tell just from these two side-by-side comparisons, this is way better.
 I will say I have never once been disappointed with Lufthansa first class.
The service has always been amazing.
The food and wine has always been amazing.
But there were eight seats in the old configuration.
And especially for first class, there was a big lack of privacy.
 like there was this small privacy screen that came up that kept you from being able to like see the passengers directly to your left but like the whole cabin was just wide open so we've gone from one of the most open first class concepts to definitely like top
So I feel like a lot of times during these flights, I'm just like getting so full.
I'm trying to make the most of it, but I can't eat all the food.
And today I can definitely eat all the food.
Also, as if that wasn't special enough, this flight is taking us to JFK.
But from there, we're connecting to Toronto to go to some of our best friends wedding.
 Kara is going to be officiating her first wedding ever.
I'm not nervous at all.
Ooh.
Yes, this one.
Definitely.
Thank you.
Do you want to tell them what you have planned for the wedding?
I know it's been a surprise and it feels wrong to say out loud, but.
In the middle of Eminem X wedding ceremony, I have decided that I'm doing a rap.
She's going to bust out into a freestyle rap as the officiant.
 It's going to be a lot of fun.
For those of you who have been following along with the channel and are into our personal life in addition to this first class flight, if you want to stick around to the end, we are going to take you all the way to the wedding.
I can't promise how much we're going to film, but we will at least show some highlights.
So stick around for that if you're interested.
You should definitely stick around.
I think it's going to be amazing.
But for now, we're celebrating Nate.
Wow.
 When we booked this flight, we had no idea there was an Oktoberfest celebration going on on the plane, but the theme just keeps continuing.
Typically, they just serve the caviar with all the normal toppings, but during this season, they're doing a special edition of caviar where they put this layer of potatoes.
I think she called it potato croustine.
 Groosky?
Groosky.
Groosky?
They basically put caviar on top of the hashbrown.
 The main course has officially arrived.
Glazed bread dumpling with wild mushroom cream sauce, stewed leek, and sauteed mushrooms.
The presentation is 10 out of 10.
I'm gonna dig into the dumpling first.
 OMG, yum.
It's the best I've ever had.
I didn't think we ordered dessert, but she just rolled around an entire cart full of cheese and sweet things.
We're finishing off strong with raspberries and the Berry Tree.
 Up until this point, I felt like I was in a calorie deficit and I had this insatiable hunger.
No matter how much I ate, I couldn't be full for more than five minutes.
But I think this Bavarian cream and raspberries has officially filled that hole in my stomach.
We had two meals in the lounge.
The nuts, the mousse bouche, the caviar, starters, soup, main, and dessert.
 yeah and the pretzel pretzels bread in the lounge we're at like at least 10 courses that's what it took to finally fill me up the utmb race was such a whirlwind and in a way we didn't talk
 for 48 hours.
Like I would see him at the aid stations, but we didn't really get to communicate much outside of like, what's next, do you need, how are you, how's your body, do you need icy hot?
Like it was just so crazy.
And then he would just disappear into the mountains and I would just go to the next spot where I got to talk to him again.
And so this flight, we've just been unpacking so many things that happened.
I had a million questions and this is just the first time we've been able to sit down and really talk about what he just accomplished.
 I still can't wrap my mind around it.
I feel like I would have just fallen dead 30 miles in if I could make it to 35.
That's pretending I could run 30 miles.
You're stronger than you think.
I'm just so proud of it.
Oh, what a sad day.
Quick peek into the new Allegro's business class.
Thank you so much.
 Not sleeping on the flight sounded like a great idea when we were on it, but now that my body thinks it's almost two in the morning, it's sounding like less of a good idea.
Oh, that's a heavy one.
Oh, nice.
All right.
About to miss our flight.
Running to the other terminal.
 We made it to New York.
New York, big difference.
Oh we are in New Jersey actually.
Allegro's was amazing.
Gets a 10 out of 10 rating from me.
People give that middle seat a hard time but if you're with somebody you love I couldn't think of a better place to
 Fly across the Atlantic.
The food was amazing, the flight attendants were amazing.
I do wish the vibey lights would have worked, but besides that, I can't complain.
Now we have maybe 10 minutes to get to the check-in for our next flight.
It was a separate flight that we booked.
Fly economy on United.
And if we don't make it there, it's gonna get a little stressful for the wedding, you know.
My legs, we're not ready for this.
 Hey, we made it.
Back to real life.
Look at this.
Boom.
Boom.
We're back on our couch.
Back to the couch.
We got a big screen.
I'm sure that'd be a round of champagne any minute.
For sure.
You are wearing your pajamas, which I love.
So much leg room, like basically.
This is pretty much the Tata first.
Oh, I'm so tired.
No regrets.
 Alright, from here we're flying to Toronto.
Once we land in Toronto, we're sleeping at the airport.
And tomorrow morning we're picking up our rental car and driving out to Amon Effects.
So, we'll end this here and we'll see you at the wedding.
 What's happening?
I'm getting my first tattoo ever at a wedding, but I didn't make a pick.
Well, I got to pick from plaque.
This is something I've always, always wanted, but I'm super indecisive, and I don't have anything that I'm just obsessed with enough.
But this is a great story.
I'm obsessed with plaque.
It's finally happening.
All right, no turning back.
No turning back.
I'm so ready.
Bro, what is your wife doing?
This is your fault.
 Wait, this isn't permanent, right, Sam?
How's it feel, Kelly?
It doesn't hurt at all.
She's gentle, isn't she?
Honestly, yeah.
This is on my arm.
I can't believe this is my arm.
I just so you know, I did one of my personal skits.
Hey, hey, hey.
 Uh, yeah.
Eamon and Beck had a silent disco party and a tattoo artist at their wedding.
I still love my tattoo.
Beck and I got matching ones.
Eamon got like four.
I kid you not, it was the best weekend of my life.
Getting to officiate their wedding was such an honor.
I still can't believe that they trusted me with their ceremony.
Thankfully, Eamon and Beck are very easy to love, so it wasn't too difficult.
Of course the sunshine's coming out now when I'm talking about them.
 And my rap went pretty well, if I do say so myself.
I want to share everything with you.
It was the best day ever, seriously.
But I don't want to spoil anything because Em and Bec are posting their own beautiful movie of the whole thing and we're both going to have to wait for that to come out.
Thank you for watching.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.
Love ya.
 One of my favorite things to do in the entire world is to fly drones.
The feeling it gives me is unlike anything else.
A combination of focus, adrenaline, and presence.
 That's why I'm spending the week in Socotra, to capture some new drone footage for my next drone film, but also to explore a new part of the world I've never been to before.
I brought two of my friends and fellow KC members with me on this trip.
This is Daniel, a talented creator and skilled magician.
He won the Colder Creative My Year contest, which secured him a bunch of epic prizes, including this trip.
And Musti, a good friend and talented filmmaker who I've been collaborating with on many projects for the past couple of years.
 Together, we all set off on a week-long adventure to explore the island of Socotra.
Our trip kicked off with a taste of local cuisine and a side of culture shock.
Honestly, I'm feeling culture shock.
This place is...
 Unlike anywhere else I've ever been, cars just abandoned everywhere, a lot of animals, lots of goats and vultures.
After a full night's sleep, we took our first morning slow and prepared for a full day's adventure.
The plan was to head out to one of the most remote beaches on Socotra.
But the moment those surreal umbrella-shaped trees came into view, it felt like we had just arrived on another planet.
 One, two, three, four, five, six, nice, seven.
I'm just looking around to find a clean line that I could fly my drone through.
And I think I found one right there.
I'm going to try to fly it backwards through the trees.
 And I can pan down slowly as I'm moving backwards.
 So I gotta say that the Dragon Bud Tree Forest was definitely one of the highlights of the trip for us just because of how special this place was.
These trees can only be found in this part of the world and there was just something so magical about this forest.
We ended up spending three whole days here just because we couldn't get enough.
 We're currently being swarmed by bees.
 So it's officially day two here in Socotra, and this morning we took off from a little fishing village and we're on our way to a beach called Xoab.
Apparently it's really beautiful.
We're trying to make it there before this rain cloud gets over top of us.
We got a lot of gear on this boat, so we're not trying to get wet.
How you guys doing?
Good!
Woo!
 The next morning we woke up bright and early because we had a long journey ahead of us.
 The conditions were looking perfect, so it was time to bust out the drones.
Oh, fuck.
Wait.
He needs to go back.
For now.
I lost connection.
Oh, OK. OK.
I got it.
I'm good.
I'm good.
We're good.
We're good.
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
No matter how strong the visuals are.
 I knew this drone reel needed to be next level, and that's why I went straight to Musicbed.
Instead of wasting hours digging through royalty-free tracks that all sound the same, I found music that's cinematic, authentic, and actually fits my style.
So if you care about storytelling, don't settle.
Musicbed has the music for your next story.
There's a link in the description to get 14 days for free.
Check it out.
Daniel's literally just asking these guys if he can ride their motorcycle, so I think the adventure continues.
 We finished off our last day with a swim at one of the most beautiful canyons we'd ever been to.
It was the perfect place to unwind and reflect on the incredible journey we had just been on.
I feel like this is one of those trips I'll be telling my grandkids about in the future.
 I love you!
 An RV that could carry your supercar.
A Mercedes-Benz that can carry 18 of your friends.
A Bugatti that you can take camping.
These are some of the world's most expensive road trip vehicles.
And I can't afford any of them.
I'm a YouTuber.
 But I did figure out how to get my hands on some of them for one day.
So I'm gonna take my friends on a road trip to Vegas starting with the cheapest possible way to road trip.
For the $1 category, I found these Veo scooters.
They literally cost $1 to start.
I have a feeling these things are gonna turn off really quickly.
You're going on a road trip on these.
Road trip!
Road trip!
Live for the road!
 All right, we're gonna stop right here real quick This is cameraman Jack who thought it would be cool to try increasingly luxurious road trip snacks and
 using my credit card.
Literally like a dollar.
I'm going to be honest with you.
This is the first time I've ever eaten ramen in my entire life.
Oh, I don't like it.
I'll keep going.
We got to keep going.
I did not account for this when I told my $10 million vehicle that we would be there in six hours.
And they made sure I knew that they would leave with or without us.
We've got to hurry.
These noodles are actually bomb.
Oh, what the heck?
Our next category is $100.
 If you didn't know, these are driverless AI robot cars that have obtained an extremely questionable driving reputation.
Robot car.
Robot car.
It says AI in the smoke.
OK, stop.
It's just gooning, bro.
Buckle up in this.
Oh my god.
Hell of a wheel starting by itself.
We got to get belted up, man.
This thing's going to spit us out on the side of the road.
 What are we going to?
What is our destination?
 My thought was that we would play a little game truth or wing the game is pretty simple tell the truth or eat a wing I can't do that I'm gonna ruin you bro.
I'm gonna throw some more
 Don't punish us for his sins.
Mr. Bean, what is your mother and father's address?
Oh my god.
I can't do that to Ken and Denise.
I can't dox my parents, bro.
Is he holding it together?
 It's getting exponentially worse.
There's an increasing in pain.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Doha's turn.
Hi Doha.
Who do you hate the most out of the three of us?
And we need a reason why.
I'll just eat the wing.
Whoa.
Rip the whole thing off.
You got to get all that meat on there, boy.
Oh.
What's your question, Doha?
Do you like your mom or your dad more?
 I can't answer that!
Talk to them right there, that's them right there in the lens.
Who do you love more?
I love both of you the same, so I'm gonna get the chicken.
I genuinely thought you were about to like have a sports car or something.
This is cool.
I don't know if I like this yet.
How do I steer?
Good question.
There's no f***ing wheel.
I don't know.
Oh my gosh.
We're going through traffic.
We're just crossing the street.
Road trip.
Road trip.
Yo, yo, Daw, speed up if you can.
How do you speed up?
You tap your feet.
Come on, baby.
Oh my god.
 Hi, guys.
Hello, fellow cyclists.
Hey, we're going on a road trip.
I was committed to living the cowboy lifestyle no matter how much my friends hated it.
But there was one person who was just as committed.
What's up, guys?
What's up, Jared?
I got you all some food.
Here you go.
Thank you, Jack.
What do you guys think of the snacks?
I put it in my pocket.
I'm going to throw it in the garbage can later.
 Better than raw egg.
This is the weirdest road trip I've ever been a part of, but I'm kind of excited to figure out where we're going.
And after 30 minutes of weird looks from strangers and excruciating groin pain.
Yo, this hurts my ass like crazy.
We're here.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, guys, it was fun hanging out with you.
He just takes off, bro.
The vehicles from here on will get exponentially pricier, but since we're only entering the $10,000 category, our budget is still a bit small.
 Smart car, two-seater.
Yes!
Why are you excited about that?
It has two seats, we have four people.
This is what I'm talking about, man!
It's compact, it's small, the window's probably open.
Oh my god!
The only question left is how literally everyone else is gonna fit in here.
Dude, there's no way, bro.
Move your f***ing chairs forward.
Move your f***ing chair ahead.
Oh, this is awful.
Are we all in?
Yeah.
Close this glass.
Off-grid!
 This is kind of a good time.
Yeah.
No, it's not.
It's actually pretty good.
 That's a big car.
For $500,000, we have our biggest ride yet.
First one to touch it drives it.
A literal home on wheels in one of the most luxurious RVs on the market.
And I am the only one insured to drive this.
And me.
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Inside, bro.
Well, dude, this is insane.
 So this thing gets way wider Just a man at the wheel
 Did I brake check him?
What?
Beans does a monthly shower, so he stinks most of the time when we film with him.
Even though this RV is already north of $500,000, the upcoming vehicles in this video are only going to get more fancy and more insane.
What's the snack?
I'm hungry, bro.
Can I eat what's in this fridge?
Yeah, yeah, that's our snack for this road trip.
 If you guys don't know my buddy Tyler over here is terrified of seafood Why chose to drive as much calmer up here just me in the open road
 I don't think you're gonna want to with what I have set up You can kind of see a little something right there.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh
 Oh my god.
Yeah, I don't want to drive that.
I want to hang out.
Dude, this is awesome.
That's $1.6 million.
That's over a million.
You broke the budget.
Oopsie.
How's it going?
Come on in, guys.
Whoa.
We're going to schloob.
We're going to goon.
We're going to even maybe edge.
OK, stop.
Bro, there's a chef in here.
This is Julian, who is a professional omakase chef.
Let's go.
Are you living here or what?
 Yeah, yeah, I live in here.
No big deal at all.
Just another day at the office.
What?
I don't care if I don't like sushi.
I'm still gonna goon.
We're still gonna drink shlooms.
I'm not that big fan of sushi.
What?
The nerve of you two to talk ill of sushi in front of Chef Julian is disgusting.
Sushi is meant to be enjoyed with your friends in the back of a G-Wagon limo.
 Oh my god, it's raining.
Oh my, cheers boys.
Cheers to the sushi.
This one right here is going to cameraman Jackson up.
Ah, yeah.
Bro, that's good.
Who wants some sparkling water?
Sparkling water in the G-Wagon.
I call that a shloob, brother.
Not plenty.
One more, baby.
Shloob time.
Woo.
All right, all right, come on.
Has anybody ever raided your sushi and booms before?
 Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom!
I'd like to thank God for this very moment right here.
This thing could roll 50 times and I would die knowing that I lived a damn good life.
It's a horrible thing to say.
No, he's right.
Knowing that it was made with love by Chef Julian, I'll die happy.
You guys said some horrible stuff back there, but I do generally agree with being grateful.
Thank you guys for allowing us to do this kind of stuff.
We're trying to get to 20 million subscribers.
It's free to join the mafia.
Life like this sure is sweet, huh?
 We're taking off.
Here we go, here we go.
Goodbye, San Diego.
Why is the plane moving, guys?
This is what a $10 million road trip looks like.
Cheers, boys.
Cheers.
We had a lot of snacks on this journey, some good, some bad, but absolutely none of them are going to compare to this next one.
You are absolutely mentally unprepared for the road trip snack that we're going to have on this one.
You guys have any bets on where we're going?
We're going to Mexico.
We're going to Hawaii.
I think you're deporting me.
 HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
 I don't feel so good!
 Road trip!
After a short flight, we had finally arrived in Las Vegas.
Vegas!
Vegas!
Vegas, we're here!
Yes!
Pleasure flying you guys.
And for our final road trip snack, we're headed straight to Poppy's Steakhouse for the $1,000 Australian purebred Wagyu tomahawk served in a golden briefcase.
The final road trip snack is inevitable!
 What's up, everybody?
Peter McKinnon here.
Welcome back to yet another video.
I love talking about Instagram.
I love talking about the things I love about it, the things I hate about it.
But we would all be lying if we didn't say Instagram was a huge part of how we are all connected.
 come 2025.
I still remember the day a friend of mine recommended me downloading this app because he thought it would make my 365 challenge easier if I had a place to post each photo every single day.
And that's actually where I started using Instagram, posting a photo every day, doing the 365 challenge.
And if you haven't done that, I recommend doing that challenge, taking a photo every day for a whole year.
 If you can do it, never miss something different every day.
Great practice as a photographer.
Painful, excruciatingly painful sometimes.
You just want to stop, but at the end of it, it feels so good.
You can make it into a photo book, put it on your desk and remember for an entire year you took a photo every single day.
 First things first, this is something that I thought I could do more often is auditing my Instagram account and eventually maybe even auditing your accounts and people that follow me, friends, fans, people I look up to, et cetera, but making that more of a theme, something that I can come back to and enjoy doing because this is fun for me and I love this.
And today I want to look at five or a little bit more of my favorite Instagram photos that I feel are either overlooked, underappreciated, bad, and the stories behind them.
 Recently, I saw an interview with the CEO of Instagram and he seems like a great guy, always giving advice, always giving tips on how to increase your reach, making the platform better for you and how it works and how it's used.
And recently I saw a clip of him at a live event.
 And at this event, he did a little bit of a survey, a show of hands, and said, by a show of hands, who uses Instagram?
And everybody raised their hands, obviously.
And then he started whittling it down.
Who has, in the last 24 hours, seen a reel or posted a reel?
But Maddie and Holiday did what we call running defense.
And they just kind of stood beside me so that I didn't have to get bumped and I wouldn't miss my frame.
Because I didn't have a tripod, I just had to handhold this and just hope it got close enough.
A little bit of light room to line everything up with cropping.
The two boys running defense for me, which ended up getting me one of the coolest carousels I've posted to this day on Instagram.
And that's the Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi in...
 Unbelievable.
I'd like to visit again.
I'd like to shoot this on film.
I think that would be great.
Next up, I'm going to use this shot of writer Cole Thompson.
He was, I think, sponsored by Red Bull and KTM at the time.
I don't know if he still is.
I think maybe he's moved on, but we just, we threw this shoot together so fast.
I remember calling Red Bull and saying like, I have an action camera.
I need to make a video about it.
Do you have anyone I can make a video with today?
And my friend Andrew over at Red Bull was like,
 give me like 10 minutes.
And he put this whole thing together so fast.
Absolute legend.
Thank you, brother.
Within like an hour and a half, I was on my way to this random dirt track, really nicely made motocross track.
Christoph met me there to run FPV.
This dude drove like from three hours away to meet us there.
Threw his bike in the back of his van, got there, ran a couple of laps.
We shot for like an hour and made a dope video.
And I got this photo without expecting to,
 And it ended up being like one of the coolest sort of like moto style photos I think I've ever captured.
The sky behind him looks like it's absolutely going to open up and swallow the earth.
It is gnarly.
It is like the biggest storm that's rolling in.
He's perfectly contrasted against that sky.
The colors go perfect.
The sun's just hitting him.
It looks like he's absolutely sent that bike to the moon.
It's mid whip, which looks so good.
It's just like a perfect photo.
 I absolutely love it.
It's also nice when you hear the same praise from the person in the photo.
I think he said it was his favorite photo that he's ever had taken of him, which he had printed and hung in his house.
Extreme sports and racing and moto, that stuff looks so good.
The next photo runs in the same vein, which is this shot right here, which is a Formula One car.
 Red Bull car and that was when Checo was driving for Red Bull at the Montreal Grand Prix This was my first f1 race and a lot of these photos are memories But they're they're they're cool photos and they have great memories with them But I'd never been to a Formula One race before and I didn't want to go and I didn't watch Formula One I was not a fan fast forward now.
I'm a huge fan obsessed My wife and I are I think my wife's a bigger fan than I am But that's all changed and it changed because of this this day and this photo everything But it was cold and it was raining and it's it's always cold and raining during the Montreal race.
It seems
 but I was testing out a new lens that Canon let me borrow.
And it was my first time ever shooting Formula One, which was very difficult.
Like I had no idea how fast those cars go.
Like you get a car on a back straight, it's gonna hit like 350 kilometers an hour.
Like that is unbelievable.
So trying to capture that took so long to figure out.
I missed so many shots.
Aston Martin, missed.
Haas, don't care, missed anyway.
Williams, missed.
Ferrari, nope.
I so happened to nail it.
 on this car, the Red Bull car from the race that Red Bull sent me to with Red Bull.
And I happened to just tack sharp that Red Bull shot.
I've got good luck with Red Bull.
I enjoy shooting with Red Bull for Red Bull, and I've had good luck shooting with them and for them.
That shot came out super crisp.
I had it printed and it's hanging in their Toronto office, which is sick.
 Alright, one of the last ones I'm going to talk about is this Red Dead Redemption looking shot here, this scene of Lane, Jay, and Cody around a fire, and they look like a bunch of bandits just keeping warm for the night before they take the train in the morning.
By take the train, I mean rob the train.
 This style in general is just very cool and it's very in right now.
But being able to photograph it, especially when you're photographing people that just dress like this normally, it looks like you've gone and picked up props.
It was our first time hanging out.
And we had picked up lenses from Henry's, taken photos in an alley, did a video about Nintendo at the YouTube studio and got my silver play button.
It was it was a full day.
Not a great photo.
Sorry, Matty.
I probably told you what to do here.
Shoot me in the alley.
I'm going to do my spider
 Like, I don't know what I'm doing or why I'm the way I am in this, but it's special.
It's just, it's the beginning of all of this.
And that's, that's pretty cool.
All right, let's move on.
You know what?
I'm going to tie that photo in with this one here.
This is from April 19th, 2018.
This was the first time Maddie and I got a studio together.
And this was the beginning of me not making videos in my home anymore.
 This was the very first studio we got and I remember taking this photo and to this day, I love it.
We both changed so much.
Again, I don't even know what's going on with this outfit.
It's wild to me.
Matty doesn't look like that.
I don't look like that.
I'm still just a tall giant.
That's the same.
His studio has so much stuff in it.
 compared to this photo.
That's just like a, I'm just gonna throw that one in there.
It kind of pairs with the first one.
The two real pivotal moments.
I feel like a lot of what's fun about scrolling back through this feed is the nostalgia of it.
But let's get into one of my favorite photos that I've ever posted here, which was in 2019 in August in Abu Dhabi.
I got the picture of this mosque, which I'd always wanted to visit.
I love how it looks during the day, and I love how it looks at night.
And I always envisioned a perfect shot
 in a carousel where you could swipe from day to night, like turning the lights on, turning them off, light mode, dark mode.
So I took this photo right before the sun was about to start its setting and I did not move until it was dark out.
And I took the exact same photo so that when you scroll, it's perfect.
Nothing moves.
The lights just go from on to off.
And this got posted everywhere.
And this is 250,000 likes on this is insane.
The good old days, man, you could post a photo of like a juice box and you'd get a hundred
Using a carousel to tell a story with a song, with a caption, it all goes together as an experience, but you can also make into a real
 where you could talk about the experience and show the photos to adapt to the new style that is Instagram in 2025 moving into 2026, if you can believe it or not.
And in a world of AI and fake slop and garbage everywhere, I think telling these stories and utilizing nostalgia and memories and the stuff that we all have that machines can't do is very important.
Remembering work that we're proud of, continuing to feature work that we're proud of,
 but also communicating the stories and the reason behind the work that we're creating.
Very, very important today.
This is a special job that we get to do.
And we're lucky that we still have a place to post these things, even if it's not exactly tuned to our preferences.
And that's the approach I'm taking in 2025 and moving into 2026.
So I'm going to leave a link in the description.
If you've got an account that you want to feature or specific photos that you want to feature, drop them into that email.
 And I think along the same vein, it might be fun to revisit in editing your photos, because it's been a while and I've got the itch.
So that's it for me, guys.
I hope you like this video.
Hit the like button if you liked it.
Subscribe if you haven't already.
And I will see you in the next one.
I'll see you next week.
I think I'm traveling next week.
Hopefully those flights don't get canceled.
 The tide, it don't let up And I'm surrounded up
 Today we're going to be venturing into Africa's biggest slum.
This gigantic settlement with a population of a million people dates back to the 1950s, and since then it has spread like wildfire on the outskirts of Nairobi, the capital city of Kenya.
 Join me as we venture today deep inside all corners of this insane neighborhood.
Welcome to Nairobi, Kenya.
Today, we're going to be going to the second biggest slum in the entire world.
Get an elevator down from this hotel.
We're going to drive across the city, go into the slum, see the good parts, the bad parts, and everything in between.
So, let's go and see Africa's biggest slum.
 So, I just jumped in an Uber and we're on our way to Kibera, Africa's biggest slum.
Something quite interesting just happened.
When the Uber driver saw the destination, he was like, I can't take you for that price because it's too dangerous or something, and they said that they'd take the wheels and the wing mirrors off the car, so to pay a little bit of a premium to get the driver to go there because it's risky apparently.
Has this got a bad reputation?
It is a dangerous place, Kibera, but...
 You don't go there on your own.
You need somebody who knows there and he knows some of those criminals.
In that sense, they will not attack you.
 Hello.
Thank you.
Hi.
Hey bro, you good?
Nice to meet you.
You live here?
Yes.
Yeah?
Wow.
That's amazing.
It's like inside a mine or something.
Look, this is the house.
 Wow, this is really something.
 There's a really strong sense of community here.
Everybody knows everybody, like walking down the street, high fives everywhere, super welcoming.
Not asking for money.
I haven't really been asked for money by anybody or anything like that.
So, really nice vibes here.
It's a bit different to what the taxi driver was saying, but maybe it's just because who I'm with.
I don't know, but definitely doesn't feel super dangerous or anything like that.
I think definitely its old reputation still hangs over its head, but it's obviously changing.
 This is the charcoal?
For cooking.
Cooking?
Yeah.
This is what most people would cook with here?
Yeah, this is charcoal.
The charcoal.
What's cooking on the top?
Chapati and beans.
This is beans?
Chapati and beans.
Yeah.
And this is chapati.
Train tracks go right through the slum here.
Apparently, the train tracks were here before the slum was built and then they built the slum around it.
So, the train still comes through here.
People are actually looking through the garbage as you'll see.
 many places around Africa.
There's a guy looking through the trash and the goats eating the trash there.
Do people not get hit by a train sometimes?
 It was maybe some years back, but now things have changed, it's different.
Because whenever the train is coming, they're always hooting, like again and again and again.
Pressing the horns.
Yeah, so everybody knows that they're not supposed to be here when the train is coming.
Were there some incidents before when people got hit?
Yeah, there were incidents, someone's leg, head, in different places.
But if that happens now, I believe that it's maybe someone was killed somewhere else, then thrown on the track.
 What happened last week, there's a guy who was killed and was thrown somewhere, then he stopped and the body was moved, then the train proceeded.
So somebody put a body on there and somebody saw the body and then stopped the train?
Yes.
So it didn't look like a cover-up murder?
Yeah.
 Five, ten years ago, this place was really dangerous, but now it's much, much better.
So, ten years ago, it was very dangerous.
When you come into the slums, you could not even come with your camera into the slums.
Unless you come with a big crowd of police, now things have changed.
Kibera slum has become something different.
The most of the people trying to do community work and supporting each other.
You know, I've visited places all over the world, and a lot of places seem to be getting worse, but this seems to be an example of positive change.
Yeah, sure.
Well done to you guys.
Thanks.
 So, you can see here behind me, this is the original part of Kibera.
So, it was actually founded in 1950s.
It was an area set aside for the Nubian people by the government, and then it expanded onto this side of the river in 1998.
It's currently 15 kilometers squared area.
It's really hard to kind of get an idea of how many people are here because, you know, there's lots of undocumented people, so it could be north of a million.
Absolutely gigantic.
Hey, bro, you good?
 So this is like a local shop, you can buy your rice, everything here.
How much does a bottle of water cost here?
This is 25 shillings.
25 shillings?
Yeah, yeah.
And I need water, I'm so thirsty anyway.
Hi man, this is the house you grew up in?
No.
No?
We've been moving from different parts of the community.
Okay.
To get ourselves here.
 So, this is where your parents sleep?
Yeah, that's my parents' bedroom.
Very hot in here, eh?
Yeah, it's hot.
Yeah, my camera is overheating because it's so hot.
So, here's your kitchen here.
This is the kitchen.
Oh, cooking on gas.
So, that's quite a luxury, right?
Because a lot of people on charcoal.
When you cook, you sit on the couch?
Yeah, you sit on the couch, you prepare your food, make sure it's ready, then the family can have it.
This is the bedroom for the boys.
Right.
Amazing.
Is it okay life living in Kibera?
 Because for people that don't know...
It's a difficult life, but we are used to it.
Thank you, Julia.
Okay, thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Do a lot of people drink that homemade alcohol here?
Yes, I think it's a problem.
It is a problem, yeah.
A lot of people drink it?
Yes, yes.
Even very early in the morning,
 But like most of the people, when they feel like they're depressed, and they cannot afford to get a proper liquor, they go for that.
How much does it cost?
50 shillings.
A shot?
A shot, it's very strong.
So when you take it, you definitely will black out within 10 to 20 minutes.
Seriously?
Yeah.
One shot?
One shot.
You black out?
You black out.
Does it kill people?
Last week, we had some two people who died.
They just fell down and vomited blood.
It's risky.
What's that?
That's normal.
Kids throwing stones.
 Throwing rocks, a rock just landed here.
Be careful of your head.
Yeah.
Is there any drug use here?
Yes, maybe marijuana.
Weed?
Yeah, and we also have some pills.
Pills?
We call them Taptap.
Mad people at the rehabilitation centers, they've always been given pills to regulate the brain.
But now, the normal people, if you use it, you black out.
So, people like to black out.
Let me show you some of the samples.
I think I have some here.
That's here?
That's here.
Wow.
 And then these are the top top.
That's the pills.
Maserati?
Yeah.
Is it like ecstasy or is it...
It's like an anti-psychotic medication?
Yeah, yeah.
And they're different sizes.
This is Mercedes-Benz.
Wow, so they have luxury car brands printed onto the pills.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Crazy.
What does it make them feel like?
So, when they use the drugs, it makes them feel like...
 They're in a different world and they can sleep while standing and snoring.
Even if you tap them, they don't feel anything.
It's not fentanyl, is it?
No.
It smells really clean.
 The girls' room.
So, it's very secure, right?
You can see the bars on the outside and padlocks and everything.
It's really great to see.
So, how old are the girls that sleep here?
From 19 to 12.
Here is the smaller girls' room where I do sleep with them.
 Are you sleeping here?
Is this your bed?
Yes.
Oh, wow.
That's nice.
So, you really look after them, huh?
Yeah.
So, you don't get paid to work here?
Really?
I'll leave the information down below because, you know, obviously people are working so hard here and volunteering their time and, you know, a little bit of a donation goes to all the operations of the orphanage and the school and then, you know, obviously trickles down to the people that make it possible.
 As you know, if you've followed this channel for a while, I've been to a lot of slums around the world and all different continents, and that was definitely one of the most positive that I've been to.
And such a beautiful story of how it's changed is something so positive.
I will leave the information again because obviously there is still struggle, crime,
 Horrific things going on there, especially with the young girls and things.
There's a Kibera Action bank account there that goes directly into the projects like the orphanage and the school and things.
I'll leave that there and you can use companies like wise.com and worldremit.com, not affiliated at all.
These are just tools that I use in Western Union and things.
You can get it to these accounts if you're able to understand, of course, and no pressure or anything.
 We're gonna discover more of this insane city in the next video, so stay tuned for that.
In case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and good night from massive Nairobi here.
 Something about authenticity.
Trying to capture the most amazing moments on Polaroid camera.
That this is real.
Life isn't short.
You just got to do more.
Whoa.
Hi, my name is Logan Paul.
Last year, between boxing, professional wrestling, and launching a variety of different businesses, I was able to pursue a passion project of mine.
I picked up a Polaroid camera and traveled 84,000 miles around the world in 99 days and took over 4,000 Polaroids.
 At the end of the journey, I hand selected 99 of the best final images to mint as NFTs where the buyer also gets the physical Polaroid.
Okay, but look, the project is nearly done.
We have auctioned 98 photos and there's one left, number 99.
This project has been...
 Incredible.
The community that we've built and the people who have been following us on this journey on Discord is also incredible.
About 50,000 people brought together by the same interest in art, virality, stories, community, and tech.
I'm so pleased with how this project has been received and I am so proud that this is just the first installation and I cannot wait to continue doing more originals.
But those 99 days were life-changing for me.
 Beyond transformative, I got to live some of the coolest experiences of my life, meet some of the most epic people ever, and document it and capture it all on camera.
So sit back, relax, get some popcorn, and enjoy, because these are some of those stories.
 I kidnapped my brother's dog for this photograph.
His name is Thor.
I love this little golden retriever.
I think he's a little special, but that's what I love about him.
And he resembles the dog from my favorite animated film of all time, Up.
Squirrel!
So we put a bunch of balloons on him and we took a bunch of photos, but to be honest, none of them turned out too great.
It was way too windy.
And to be honest, Thor ended up slipping out of his collar and the giant balloon shack slipped off into the distance.
 Don't worry, we recovered them.
And so we tried again.
I decided I just wanted a close-up of Thor's cute face, and I got it.
Now this structure is magnificent.
I've never seen anything like this.
There's these giant stones that are like stacked on top of each other in the middle of a field and no one knows for sure how they got there.
People speculate that maybe it was extraterrestrial life.
And I'm looking through the photographs that we had taken and I see one where the sun is hitting the monument perfectly.
And it's cool, but then I glance at it again
 And in the top left, where it's kind of like overexposed in the clouds, looks like the shape of a flying saucer.
It has this really unnatural curve on both the top and bottom.
And then if you look closely, resting in the center, looks like what appears to be a cockpit.
Maybe it's a cloud structure.
I don't know anything.
But you tell me what you see in this photo.
 Jesus, that's the name of the crazy German rapper.
Jesus.
Perhaps you've seen this guy's music video online where, well, firearms, narcotics, a glass bottle, and a bunch more shit I probably can't show.
Well, we were in Hamburg, Germany, and he lives there too.
He's great.
So much energy right off the bat.
Hey, we started taking shots.
Immediately after this encounter, I did end up breaking my hand.
 David, look at it, bro.
It's fine.
Anyways, we're taking shots at this famous bar.
What's it called?
What's it called?
Hole in the Wall Boxing Bar in Germany.
Zur Rietz.
A lot of famous fighters have trained there.
The Klitschko's, Mike Tyson, now me.
I'm just kidding.
I have no wins.
Anyway, you go in the basement.
There's the boxing ring and a sun, what's it called, on top?
When the windows, there's a skylight.
I'm pretty drunk with Jesus at one of the most iconic boxing spots in Hamburg.
Mike tells Jesus to scream.
 He doesn't.
And there it is.
Drunk in Germany.
No surprise there.
That's what you do in Germany.
I make really bad decisions when I'm intoxicated and my ego tends to flare up.
 This is Human 1, the kinetic video sculpture and accompanying NFT.
I'm selling to our bidder at $25 million.
Yeah, let's see.
This one's sick.
Here's the one candid one.
It almost looks like he's not even in the same room.
I'm confident that one of the 99 will be up for auction.
 I almost met Quentin Tarantino.
He was speaking at NFT NYC in New York.
I attended his seminar.
And so he was taking pictures with a couple of people and he came to me.
I knew this was my opportunity to get a Polaroid of one of the greatest directors of all time.
I would be honored to have him in my project.
Right when I went to ask him for a photo, he was like, yo, like I'm gonna go get some tequila.
I'll be right back.
I was like, OK, fine.
I let him leave because I thought he'd come back.
Like he said, he never came back for me.
 When I have a photo in mind and I come so close to getting it, but I fall short it destroys me So I didn't do it and I don't get what I wanted now.
I'm heartbroken and in my angst.
I was feeling reckless
 The next day, we went on top of a building, a beautiful skyline in New York City.
I climbed over the rail.
My new security guard's freaking out.
He's horrified.
I lay down and just start snapping away Polaroids.
But regardless, I missed Quentin Tarantino, and I was upset.
And that's why this photograph is called Chasing Tarantino, because that's what I did in New York, and that's why I took this photo.
 I like the Polaroid part.
This is the coolest thing he's doing.
At the fight, I saw you taking photos.
The sparkle in your eye about this.
Uh-oh, he loves this one.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this is the first Polaroid that will ever be sent into space.
That's going to go to nearly 40 kilometers above the earth.
Oh my god, it worked!
It worked!
 Greetings from 110,000 feet above the Earth.
That is right.
Is that right now?
Oh my God.
When that begins its re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere, it's going to be falling back down to Earth in maybe 300 miles per hour.
Oh my God.
It's official.
Number 83 has been to space.
 This is my favorite photo in the entire collection.
I'm obsessed with light painting with a Polaroid camera.
We played around with this effect a lot, and every time we did it, we'd learn more and I'd get more ideas.
For this photo, we alternated the colors.
It was orange, white, orange, white, orange, white, etc.
We know water reflects really well with these types of photos, so I stood on one side of the pool while the rest of the team was on the other side.
 And so these photos took a while because after each one, you'd have to check to see if the settings were right, if it was centered, if you liked the pose.
But on this night, we had colored frames and you never know what color frame is coming next.
And on the one take where we happened to get the rotation perfectly in the center with this really cool pose, the frame was orange, almost the exact same color as the light when it showed up in the photo.
People's killed people's pictures like these, bro.
 the girl standing perfectly in the center.
 Obviously, we had to get the king of the jungle, the lion, in an original.
And so we found a couple that were chilling in the shade.
This was so cool.
And I probably got way too close to them and got a little too far out the vehicle, but I had to get this shot.
Look at this.
 So they tranquilized this elephant.
It was a mother that they wanted to do research on for, you know, whatever purposes.
And so we had the opportunity to basically look at this elephant after it had been tranquilized and help put the collar on so they could do more research to benefit the elephant pride.
Oh my gosh, is that healthy to drink?
No.
I wasn't asking for me.
Weirdos.
 And then in a different area, we got to see a herd of elephants in the wild, one of which was chasing the other around, trying to mate with it.
It was a little forceful and I think probably made the rest of the elephants uncomfortable, but I don't know how to say this.
Look at the penis on this thing.
Oh my God, that's the biggest I've seen in my life.
 There are so many cool things to do in Cape Town, one of which is snorkel with seals.
On our way out there, I threw the Polaroid in portrait mode, which is why this particular original sunbathing is so sharp.
It's so crisp, and it's one of my favorite photos that I captured here.
Same boat ride.
We rounded a corner, and there was a ship that had been there for, like, many years that had been wrecked.
I don't know about this corroded metal.
It feels stable.
What's the worst that could happen?
 And on this particular day the water was calm enough for us to explore the shipwreck and this was cool.
I went on the back of the golf cart, holding the 14-foot light bar, hold it behind the figures, then drive to the very end of the street very slowly.
And every time, I just wasn't happy with the photo.
 Took us months and on literally my last attempt before I went insane.
And honestly, I think we just got lucky this night because we had attempted it so many times.
Oh my God.
Mario Kart, Nintendo, that's why it's number 64.
Rainbow Road, I'm obsessed with.
 This photo doesn't make sense.
Zero gravity.
You've seen it in sci-fi films.
There's a plane that takes you up into the air and then dive bombs so it feels like the passengers are floating.
And I wanted to go on it.
Rented out the entire thing and brought along the 3,000 Polaroids that I had already taken.
My goal was to throw all of them in the air when we were at the peak of the parabola, weightless, and I'd be floating around in the center of my work, taking a Polaroid.
And wow.
 The entire plane was completely silent.
We could not believe it.
Legitimately levitating.
It's one of those things where I can describe it as much as I want, but until you experience it, there's nothing like it.
 This sort of unrealistic reality that has become my life, I felt captured the epitome of this project.
And that's why this is number 99.
A photo that on paper makes no fucking sense and shouldn't be possible, but it is.
This is 99 Originals.
Number four.
Any last words, Tomer?
 All right, Tomer got a majority of the votes.
49 of you have been eliminated and 51 of you are moving on.
How about Beast Games, the largest competition show in history?
 I can do this all day.
He's falling apart!
Or lastly, a game of strength?
There's nowhere to go.
OK. 3, 2, 1, spin.
Oh!
Ten people have already made it through, and there's only ten spots left.
Oh, this is crazy most of our ideas like you see here are actually planned and organized over a slack canvas before we even hit record and
Brian is getting tired.
You're good!
But to escape this first trap, you better act like they are.
When the green light turns on, they're going to stop shooting.
All designed to push these contestants to their absolute limits!
There's so many people.
I'm glad we paid him.
Let's make a run for it!
Drop them.
Timer led the green team.
Oh wait, I can use this door as a shield.
Any last words before we drop you?
Tomer, I'm sorry, man.
If you want Tomer to be captain, raise your hand.
There are so many people finishing!
It's racing.
Endurance, strength, or skill?
This trap will last four rounds, which means that only four of you will be moving on to the final trap.
How bad do you want the top four?
When the lights turn green, let's go for the finish.
I'll see you later.
Oh, my God!
 No!
Oh my god!
Whoa.
Remember, remember, remember.
Nolan, don't let the trophy get squished.
I believe in all you guys.
Get up!
Oh, my God.
Stephen's getting tired.
Yep, and I'm gonna run right behind him.
Whoever has the most balls after two minutes, or whoever's the last one standing, wins.
Oh, my goodness.
I love.
Strength, skill, or endurance?
They're distracting the shooters!
Welcome to trap number two.
Joseph and Matt.
Thank you.
Live long and prosper.
Your decision could decide whether or not you win that $100,000 trophy.
Okay.
After you choose a game, you will then choose two people to go up against.
It's a game.
And to make things even more exciting, we're giving away $100,000 by giving 10 random people $10,000 each.
In this challenge, each round three of you will have to duck under and jump over the arms of this giant spinning trap.
T. Ruffin.
 You are now trapped inside of a paintball arena.
Why am I holding this?
You got it!
No.
Timer got us through.
She won!
Dipping and dicing, bro.
Congrats!
She did it!
That weighted vest is making things incredibly difficult.
You've been a gem this whole time.
If you fall off, you're eliminated.
You're in the top four!
I really, really, really more than anything just want a chance here.
 You seem excited.
I am choosing Bailey.
Start the round!
We are going until only one remains.
Tomer, I'm sorry.
Why did you not pick these two?
She just chose her friend's enemy.
Tomer.
He made it.
And you'll have to survive the spinning trap while holding your bowl.
That's not bad.
Oh!
You deserve that.
There's another one.
I trapped these 100 people inside the world's biggest trap, Lower the Ceiling!
Yes.
I would be.
I personally would try my best to set it up so it was a fair competition.
Down goes Team Ruffin.
I choose strength.
Oh, they're about to make it!
 I am Steven.
Absolute gems.
 The game is over.
Like this giant paintball warzone!
You're not scared of all these guards with paintball guns?
These are your official competitors for round one.
Oh, my God.
I'm living when it's green.
Go, go, go, go.
What the world?
 And Julian.
I got to take out the green team's captain.
 Oh, he's still pulling.
And one more thing.
 Bailey, you've taken down the orange captain and your green teammate.
Go, go, go, go!
I'm not.
It's up to you.
I love Bailey.
There you go.
Austin.
OK, they're off.
Oh, oh!
Seven players remain.
OK. Three, two, one.
So if I were you, I'd keep that in mind.
Let's go.
You won!
I'm going to be honest.
I like that.
Let's see who gets out first.
Or this diabolical spinning machine!
Tomer, I'm so sorry.
 She did it!
This could decide if Bailey wins this $100,000 golden trophy.
 The last person standing moves on to the final trap.
Everything we produce, we use Slack to make it happen.
You got it.
Can't even look at you now.
Visit slack.com slash MrBeast or scan the QR code on your screen.
 This one standing wins this one of a kind trophy.
Since they picked you, I need you to go on that platform.
Skill, strength, or endurance?
We got this.
So Lalo, can you come over here?
 Go!
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Tomer's corner, lock in!
Because if you get shot just one time, you are instantly eliminated.
Talk about relentless.
We should do that.
You're good!
You're good!
Good luck, Kinsley.
I swear.
 Congrats, you made it to the final four.
Oh, okay.
Just curious.
Get through, get through, get through, get through.
You're safe!
Pleasure meeting you and getting to know you.
 All right, she's the next captain.
Oh my god, oh my god, he's free!
Oh, there's a blankie!
How's your heart feel?
 Don't pass out.
 That was your first hit?
Do you want to play a game of skill?
They're off.
Go, go, go, go!
Oh, no!
She did it.
These guys are a lot younger than me, and I'm pretty darn sure, in fact, I know I'm going to win this.
He's not medically able to do this, so we're going to give him $5,000 and have to have him step out of the challenge.
Oh!
Oh, my gosh.
Tango down, tango down.
Obviously, these aren't real spikes.
I can't go any further with it.
They're about to... Oh, no!
One heart left.
I think we finally got it.
Before we get you off that platform, I need you to pick the next captain.
 So go see how we use Slack to help make this video, and enter for a chance to win $10,000.
So far, no one is out.
Oh my god!
Whoa.
Drop her!
You got it, Tomer!
 Once again, I will need you all to pick a captain.
Bye.
There's two people trying to finish!
Guys, if you're waiting, you need to go right now.
Can I go there now?
All right.
Oh, let's go.
That's what inexperience sounds like.
We got you.
I understand.
We had our first elimination.
 Okay Blast in like five seconds.
Insane.
Yeah, that's awesome Because we use slack to brainstorm and shoot all the crazy traps in this video like this giant spinning machine.
Oh!
You're good!
I'm good.
Mama and daddy, I shot something!
Is this where it ends?
Go for the finish line, we can make it!
Oh, we got a hit.
Which do you want to play?
 It's a tie game.
You know it's all love.
Off the rip!
 What's the plan, everybody?
And this is just the first of five massive traps!
I think I can make it.
 Oh, he almost got out of the first one.
 Stop shooting!
He deserved it.
 strength you chose strength which means for this challenge you'll have to wear this weighted vest I have two weighted vests who am I giving them to I'm picking these two people because I want a challenge and if I can beat them they won't be in my next challenge
Contestants, are you ready?
Oh, oh he's using the door.
Go, go, go, go!
Hurry, you're running out of time.
Bailey, with two hearts, and Kinsley, with one heart, are all that remains.
Oh!
Oh!
Let's go!
Last standing moves on.
Do you want to play a game of endurance?
Woo!
Oh, my God.
I'm not.
That was also planned on Slack.
Oh!
Oh, oh!
Ready.
Oh no, he got shot!
Oh, that's genius!
 are getting shot right now.
Come on, you got it, you got it!
She did it.
Who are you going against?
This is going to get us one step closer to the final four.
I need you to decide what game you're going to be playing.
Oh, congratulations!
I'm sorry.
First one across, right here.
They are going crazy.
They're using a blankie as cover!
Go!
You got shot, bro!
Oh, that was so close.
I love Bailey, but if you miss this, I'm taking you out.
Don't look at me.
They're still shooting.
Yeah.
Do either of you use slack?
Good luck, everyone.
This is yours!
Because if you don't unhook yourself and exit the room before the ceiling collapses, you will be eliminated from the competition.
Come on.
You earned that.
Come on.
You got it, Timer.
Whatever your workplace needs are, whether it's scheduling a meeting, organizing your workflow, or really anything you do to run a business, Slack is perfect for it.
Oh, there's so many people over here!
They ain't got enough paintballs up there for me, man.
There's going to be two women in the finale now, and I'm going to stay true to my word.
It didn't really go well for words last time.
Yay!
I mean, this is a absolute nail-biter.
And it's Kinsley's turn to shoot.
When everybody else was over here competing, off the rip, we said, this is what we want to do.
Start spinning.
Stephen's getting tired.
For years, we planned all of our videos on Slack.
Keep it going, keep it going.
And her former teammate.
This is your last shot.
Who are you going against?
Tomer, are you tired?
Words are far, guys.
Four traps remain and you're not going to believe this next one.
Skill.
There's no room for error here.
Go, go, go, go, go.
There's 19 spots left, and now that one person has made it, the rest are getting the courage to go.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
He got hit!
You got to keep your balance.
Oh, oh, oh!
Get out, the spikes are coming in.
Normally, I'm shooting back at him, and since we don't have guns, I don't like that too much.
Yo, ping team is a cross.
Oh my goodness.
 Good luck to all of you.
I'm proud of you, Bailey.
The first 20 of you to survive this war zone, cross the finish line and stand on this tile are moving on to the next trap.
It's harder than it looks.
This is actually wild.
Oh, it's speeding up now.
Guys, subscribe if you haven't already.
 They're not going to run the Multiverse of Madness storyline back for Doctor Doom.
Wanda said, I'm not a monster, I'm a mother.
Now he says, I'm not a doomsday, I'm a daddy.
You think the reason Wrangler was cool with him, did he just have like candy hanging out of his mouth?
 I mean, you know, when you go up to kids and have candy hanging out of your mouth.
I don't mean to yuck a yum on every theory that comes through our gates here, because we've had even worse theories than that have come out of this stupid mouth.
 Victor hammering something as he's building his armor and he's saying like Is Franklin Richards actually the son of Susan Storm and Dr. Doom?
 This is the Rumor Rundown, where the hosts of new rock stars investigate the wildest rumors that nerds and newsmen can't make heads or tails of, applying our own backgrounds in journalism and Hollywood connections, and finally confirming whether those rumors are honest scoops or bullshit poops.
We are Eric Voss and Zach Huddleston.
Thrilled to be here.
Love a scoop, love a poop.
I'm excited equally for both.
Hey, we're excited to have you here.
It's like...
 Both of these podcasts have kind of just become Doomsday podcasts in a way.
But we do have plans for the rumor rundown in the future.
We talked about it last week.
We will be starting on the road to Doomsday, talking about every Marvel movie or Marvel franchise television series that has ever come out.
And we're gonna be covering it starting in December, going through the 12 months that lead to Avengers Doomsday in December, 2026 here.
 right here on this show.
So you're going to see a lot of different conversations about a lot of different titles.
But for now, we were talking about this Avengers Doomsday trailer that now Collider confirms that the Doomsday trailer will be connected to Avatar Fire and Ash in December.
This is the first time that a major news outlet has confirmed per their sources.
This is a work, this is Weintraub, Frosty.
And it also wants to share it in that same DM or whatever it is.
Um,
 I think it's also possible that, yeah, the trailer does have Steve and Peggy in it.
And I think, like, a lot of these guys, these entertainment reporters, these guys who all used to work at the Schmodown or whatever, probably have some friends who work at Marvel Studios that, like, or are in high enough places that can confirm or deny things for them.
And this is certainly something that you could know without having ever seen the footage.
Somebody could just verbally relay this to you and you get the complete information.
Now, do you think, like,
 You know, it's a badly held secret, but it has not been officially announced that Chris Evans is in the film, right?
Do you think they give it away, the first official recognition of him being in Doomsday is in this December teaser?
I think so.
I think like he was in the, he was a big part of the Avengers Endgame teaser that came out in December of 2018.
Yeah.
 And if part of the marketing of this film is like, Hey, the good times are back.
The gang's all back.
Right?
Like we see Tony, we see Tony Stark in a new mask, uh, same task or whatever.
And, and we'll, we'll see Hemsworth as Thor.
We'll see Ruffalo as Hulk and we'll see Evans as Cap.
 I don't know if we'll see like Ruffalo in it, just because like Ruffalo is going to be featured in brand new day, Spider-Man brand new day.
And they may want to leave them out of the, he might not even be in Avengers doomsday.
He hasn't been confirmed, but Hemsworth Hemsworth, maybe they'll show us some heavy hitters from previous phases of Marvel.
 Yeah, I think so.
And I do think the Fantastic Four will show up in it.
I think you're going to see Pascal and Vanessa in it.
All right, let's go to our fourth rumor of another person who claims to have seen the trailer.
This person says that in this trailer we see Steve wielding Mjolnir, but not wearing the white Endgame suit.
He saw a toy, you know, whatever.
He's wild speculation.
I'm trying to drop all of the Canadian references I can make safely.
 What's weird is that this person's saying that I'm a Disney marketing exec in Toronto, but the validity of their claim would be whether or not you buy that their friend was on the Doomsday set.
Why does it matter what this person does or did?
That's right.
You could work for Exxon and have a friend that was on the Doomsday set.
Yeah.
I worked for Subway and my friend in college was walking around in Pinewood Studios wherever.
All of it's just kind of like, eh, stinky.
 Yes.
Poop.
I guess, like, it is an interesting pitch only in that, like, as you've pointed out many times, we still don't know Doom's motivation.
Yeah.
This does answer that.
 Now, I guess we're gonna talk more about this incoming teaser that we're gonna see on Fire and Ash, right?
Avatar 3.
And like in the history of one year out early teasers, things that come to mind when I think about that stuff are like Christopher Nolan early teasers that are mostly vibes and almost no plot, right?
In fact, almost universally zero plot, right?
Like maybe you get a look at a character and like you hear some random dialogue.
 Do you think that's what this is going to be?
Do you think it's just going to be like, you know, 60 seconds, 40 of which are like cool looks at Doom and RDJ or something like that?
Or do you think this might hint at some major character motivations and some of the actual plot of the film?
 I think maybe some of the major character motivations, but it'll be very cryptic.
I don't think we're going to get into the plot structure of the film at all.
I would imagine Robert Downey Jr. in costume in whatever form Dr. Doom will take for most of the movie.
There was also like needs the suit to survive immediately makes me think of Darth Vader.
Yeah, right.
Do we hear like,
 of breathing yeah pumps and air and whatever right i think to convey that you need the suit to survive you have to have some strained wheezing in order to do that other other than him saying i need this suit to survive he's not gonna say that in the trailer but what he might do is go
 And then plug into the suit and goes Yeah multiverse, I don't I'm not a doomsday.
I'm a daddy the And a Chris Gore.
He is the one who knew that March 26.
There'd be something happening.
So he did he called the event he called the events chairs now aside I as the day before also is like
 Buckle up, you know, he's a Marvel.
Hey, maybe he's the guy, he's a Disney marketing guy who I now follow on Twitter because he'll always be like, hee hee hee, something's happening.
So he'll always, if he tweets something, you know something's coming.
Let's see, our next rumor that we have to talk to about this, Steve and Peggy will appear in the trailer.
They're not in costume and we're gonna see three planets colliding.
This comes from Christian Harloff, quoting his source that he read off of his phone.
And can we clarify,
 Obviously they're wearing costumes.
Every actor appearing in a film is in a costume.
You're saying they're butt-ass naked.
Butt-ass naked.
Now, I'd buy my tickets right now, okay?
Those are two pretty people, I would love to see that.
Full frontal, first Marvel full frontal?
Whoa!
 I was just looking butt.
Oh, okay.
Oh, yeah, it's a rear shot.
It's Kevin Bacon coming out of the shower.
Okay.
I'm also seated and ready.
But that not in costume means not in Captain America regalia.
That's what they're saying.
They're wearing civilian clothes.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
You wouldn't see him in any kind of new Captain America suit or a shield or anything like that.
Yeah.
 Um, uh, Christian said some other things.
They got their connections, they got their sources, and they're saying it's probably going to happen.
 So here's what we're going to do in this video.
We talked about this on a couple of other videos you may have seen on the Neuroxos channel in the past seven days.
 Manager in Toronto.
I I just don't I just think there's a lot of weird stuff about that and while I think it's a fun theory there's just a lot of Mmm, there's a lot that stinks about it.
Yes.
Yeah, we'll leave it there for this episode of the rumor rundown Thank you so much Zach for joining thrilled to be here It was excellent chatting with you and big thanks to Brian Kim for producing and editing this episode if you listen to this and think oh
 you know, I have some insider information I'd like them to talk about.
Feel free to reach out to us.
Yeah.
Um, what's a good way for them to reach out?
There's a lot of ways.
Uh, there's an email address on the new rock stars, uh, YouTube channel.
If you just click like business contact, you do that.
You can DM us on Instagram.
We might miss that.
We don't, we get a lot of junky DMS there, but like, uh, I check all my DMS, all of them, every single one of them.
I read all of them.
I internalize them.
I see all of it.
 We should set up a like a telegram or some kind of like two-way encrypted thing.
That's what like the big like Washington reporters and stuff do.
Oh, they do.
Yeah, because that's how that big, what's it called, that big leak that happened where they knew that the missiles were going to be deployed.
Yes.
Yeah.
Or you could just get on a Pete Hegseth's WhatsApp, you know.
 Just actually, if you have a doomsday leak, reach out to Pete Hexiv.
We're all on that WhatsApp.
We're all on that one.
All right.
Thanks for watching or listening and subscribe to all the channels in the New Rock Stars Network.
Thanks everybody.
And we'll see you next time.
Bye.
 There is a room on the world's newest cruise that has a slide, a private balcony, a movie theater, a personal butler, and countless bedrooms.
I have no business going on a luxurious cruise to stay in this room.
However, my wife Haley has a dream of becoming an author, and she just got copies of her first book ever.
She won't let me read it because I haven't finished a book in over a year, and I've
 started a lot of books.
So I have a plan to steal one of them, replace it with a fake copy, read the entire book on the cruise, all so I can surprise her with my review when I get home.
So yes, going on this adventure of staying in every single room on the most expensive cruise ship would be ridiculous.
But it might just make Haley think I'm the best husband ever.
I packed my bags and flew to the pickup zone for the cruise, where I boarded and made my way to the cheapest room on this entire boat.
 Whoa!
So this is the economy room on this cruise ship, which is crazy because look at this place.
This is a fancy room.
This is a nice room.
I'm going to jump on that bed.
 It's a good bed, I like it.
This room also has a full bathroom.
And look at this, you can control all of the lights from this touchscreen.
Most people go on a cruise not for the room that you sleep in, but for what you can do outside of the room.
Each one that I booked comes with different perks and activities on the ship.
And obviously this one has the least because it's the most affordable one.
This boat has officially departed.
We are somewhere in the ocean at this point.
So before I start reading Haley's book, I'm going to go look for something fun to do around my room.
It's gotta be something fun.
At least one thing.
 fun to do around here?
I have no idea.
Like a party or?
I can even only have rooms.
Only rooms on here?
Only rooms on this floor.
I have just, I just feel it.
Sure, Marlon can't come to my party.
However, Tim is down and he might even be able to bring his parents.
I can't believe I'm going to an even cooler room tomorrow morning.
I just can't believe it.
I can't quite envision it now how it gets better than this, but it does.
Good night.
 I don't know.
 This is the most expensive room on this entire cruise ship.
There's only one of them, and it is called...
THE ULTIMATE FAMILY TOWNHOUSE.
This is the main level, and yes, this is the living room.
The living room has a slide in it.
Can you believe this?
Can you- Oh!
Whoa.
There's a secret hangout nook behind the slide.
This level also has a full movie theater, with a PlayStation 5, Nintendo Switch, and coffee bar, and snow cone machine, and fridge full of fun drinks.
And whatever the heck this table is.
You touch it with touchscreen.
 That's crazy.
Let's go check the upstairs now.
What the heck?
It seems the staircase is a piano.
Imagine getting in an argument and then you got to go up these stairs.
This is the top floor.
Of course, the slide entrance and two bunk beds.
Each bunk bed has its own TV as well.
I love these beach ball lights.
So this must be the main bedroom.
My goodness, look at these animals.
Towel animals.
They got googly eyes.
 Maybe the coziest bed yet.
The main bathroom is unbelievable.
I walked to the shower and collided with the glass.
It's so clear I didn't even see it.
How did they clean it that good?
And last but not least, the bottom level has this outdoor seating area.
I mean, look at this.
How cool is this?
There's a dolphin unicorn.
Hey, look, that's me.
That's me on the cruise ship on the balcony.
I guess we're docked on an island right now.
This is beautiful.
 So this is our final room.
I don't know about you, but this looks like the perfect place to throw a cruise party.
I'm not really good at hosting parties.
People never show up when I host parties.
But you guys know this best.
I have been building the strongest community on this cruise ship.
Ride or dies, who would go to the ends of the earth for each other.
But there's one more thing I haven't told you yet.
When I walked in that door, I got a notification on my phone that said, your genie is awake.
Genie?
 What?
What do you mean?
What do you mean by that?
Allegedly, this room comes with a genie that can grant your every wish.
I said, okay, I have three wishes.
1.
Hamburger, no veggies.
2.
Berry smoothie.
And 3.
I want to see the dog.
The dog that left the paw prints.
It seems the genie has accepted the order.
So, okay.
Is-
 Oh, hello!
Is this the burger and berry smoothie?
That was fast!
Are you the genie?
Okay.
Lovely!
 I am in complete and utter disbelief at this room.
Remember, this room is called the Sunset Corner Suite.
I didn't even know they made rooms like this on cruise ships.
This can't be an efficient use of space.
I'm gonna jump on the bed.
I really like this one.
The bathroom looks like it belongs to Godzilla.
Not really, at all, I guess.
 It's just super big.
Cilantro hair conditioner?
What is that?
They want me to put veggies in my hair now?
You're right.
Also, this one comes with a coffee bar.
You already know-
 Ah, that's good.
This room also has one of those couch beds too, but there's no sheets inside in the storage.
There's no bedding.
Yeah, I'm sure we could request it, but good thing I'm sleeping here alone tonight.
And best of all, a seaside corner balcony.
This is unbelievable.
I'm on the back of a boat.
I have a balcony on the back of a boat.
Look at the sheer size of this balcony.
 This is crazy.
Guys, I can't believe my eyes.
This is unreal.
This is a huge cruise ship, and that's my room.
Apparently, this room also comes with unlimited pizza, the water park, a steak dinner, and the aqua show?
Yeah, today's gonna be goaded.
 This is my first time in the main area of the ship.
It's freaking packed.
This where everybody been hanging out?
You're welcome.
My name is Ryan.
Ryan, Marlon.
I'm thinking about throwing a party tomorrow night.
Yeah.
Are you able to make it?
No, because now we're, we just finished here in the restaurant around midnight, sometimes 4 o'clock in the morning.
Okay, so you work late?
Yeah, I work late.
You would have been the life of the party though.
No, we're not.
Alright.
 What a day.
Today I decided I'm throwing a party.
I'm doing it on this ship.
The community that I am fostering is unparalleled.
We are the strongest community on this cruise ship.
That
 was awesome.
I can't think of a better way to end this cruise ship experience than whatever the heck that was.
That was a hoot.
I'm gonna go to bed now.
I woke up the next morning and asked the genie for one more thing.
 Wrapping paper.
On the flight home, I was just reflecting on how I thought the highlight of this cruise would be the buffet or the slide.
But if I'm being totally honest, the highlight for me was finishing Haley's book.
Three, two, one.
Open your eyes.
Oh, you got me a book.
Yes.
How did you get this?
You read this, you can tell.
 You annotated it?
You did drawings?
Oh my gosh.
These are a lot of annotations.
Did you read the dedication?
Yes, and I cried.
Aw.
Did you notice the book was missing right here?
No.
That's a fake book.
Oh.
I drew that.
Where is Sailor?
I don't even like Sailor.
She's ugly.
Thank you guys for watching the video, and thank you, Haley, for helping me start a new section on my bookshelf.
 You made it to the end of the video.
All right.
Hope you had fun.
Shout out to all the Joyride runners getting Joyride all over America.
You're amazing.
And YouTube thinks this video on screen is going to be your next favorite video ever.
So click it.
Click that video.
Watch another.
Let's continue having fun.
The nucleus is growing.
It's a real thing, I guess.
 really disturbed my relatives who did not understand what's wrong with me.
I think it tells us so much about what really scares us.
I wouldn't even put it in the conversation for like best horror movie of all time.
 Welcome one, welcome all to Screen Rant's Challenge My Goat.
My name is Liam Crowley and I am your shepherd through this journey of superlatives as we crown some of the greatest topics in film, television and entertainment history.
Today, we are tackling the topic that only makes sense on October 31st, the greatest horror movie of all time.
Our expert today is MovieWeb deputy editor and writer, Miss Britt Hayes.
Britt, what makes you qualified to declare the greatest horror movie of all time and who is your goat?
 Okay, so I'm Frit, hi.
I would say, first of all, I've been watching horror movies since before I could walk, probably.
I was a lashkey kid, I was neglected, and my babysitter was the television, also maybe like a third parent.
I was just plopped in front of the TV and let to watch whatever I want, and that was most often slasher movies.
 I was obsessed with slasher franchises.
I was obsessed with Jason and Freddy and Chucky and I would watch USA up all night and really disturb my relatives who did not understand.
 What's wrong with me?
I think if you got to know me a little bit better, you'd say, oh, well, this really explains why you are the way that you are.
But yeah, so I was just raised on horror.
I was raised on all kinds of horror, prestige horror, B-horror, really campy, cult-y stuff, absolute trash, I mean, the whole gamut.
And my first
 big adult editing writing job was for a little tiny horror website called brutal as hell.
 And alien takes like a completely different approach to it by sort of removing the human on human element and instead making it this alien that is committing an act that is, again, recognizable to us, but is being done in a way that we haven't seen and by something that we're unfamiliar with.
And there's like an uncanny quality to that.
 And again, I think for male viewers, especially watching it, are probably feeling really uncomfortable because they are not used to seeing that happen to men.
It's not something that's talked about when it happens in the real world a lot.
And to see it on screen, it's like, oh, well, if that guy's getting screwed over this way, he's getting completely obliterated.
No one's safe, maybe.
 Um, yeah, and then like, I think like the the chestburster scene is just like a really good like encapsulation of the way that Ridley Scott, who I haven't even mentioned at this point, the great Ridley Scott, I love him so much.
The way he really like maintains and builds the suspense, you know, it's just it starts with a little
 cough.
And, and then very slowly, it's like something, something is wrong here.
And you think, well, maybe he's choking, but no, no, no, no, no, there's something burst out of his chest, his little, little guy, who's got like little shiny teeth.
I love his little teeth are so fun.
And yeah, I mean, it's just, it's, it's from there.
It's like all hell breaks loose, you know, now they're being stalked around the ship by this like,
 eventually a huge Xenomorph that seems unkillable, that spits acid blood, that, you know, they have nothing to really compare it to.
Like, you know, how are we supposed to kill this thing?
I mean, it's so good.
And in that way, I think it does, it is indebted to the slashers in some way, too, in the being stalked and hunted kind of thing.
Yeah.
And then you have like this capitalist company, like shadowy capitalist company overseeing everything in a future where we're exploiting resources on other planets.
 So it doesn't seem that far fetched.
And it has only gotten more relevant in the time since it was released.
Yeah, I mean, there's just so much going on with like the gender dynamics.
And and yeah, I just I think that there's a lot more to pick apart an alien than there is like in Black Christmas.
 Britt came to argue today.
Those are very well thought out points.
And Mary Beth, you know, I hate to spin it back to you.
You're a little hesitant to attack Alien out the gate, but your baby was just attacked Black Christmas.
So I need you to tell me right now, what makes Black Christmas one of the greatest horror movies of all time?
And in your opinion, what makes it the greatest of all time?
 Okay, so Brit really got me ready to fight.
So thank you, Brett.
I think like, so okay, Black Christmas is about so much more than a slasher.
So it really is the proto slasher.
Bob Clark made this in 1974.
This is before Halloween.
This was before the slasher boom in the States.
He's taking all of these
 these tropes that we've seen in giallo films in the 70s, in the 60s, and he's making something that no one had seen before this movie.
Why this movie to me is the greatest of all time is because of how ahead of its time it is in so many different ways.
So it's ahead of its time.
And it's kind of slasher format, you know, it's, we've seen it in Italian, European horror, but if you're not like a horror head, like we are, you're like, I have no fucking idea what you're talking about.
 I have no idea what you're talking about.
So with this movie, we're introduced to this, this format of a slasher with this villain.
But then we're also ahead of its time, because Brit, you mentioned Alien talks about a lot of things, and it's not just about scaring, but that's what Black Christmas does.
Black Christmas, to me, is such a deeply political movie, because one, it's very vocally about abortion.
 fiction film of all time, but maybe not the best horror movie of all time.
And I understand that that is getting down to marketing labels and genre labels that are very arbitrary.
But from my perspective, there is so much incredible work in this movie, but it is so much around the world building and the science fiction elements of it all.
And that alien, again, while it is a monster and it is so scary, I think
 the science fiction of it all really is what makes it such a great science fiction movie, but not necessarily the greatest horror movie of all time.
And I feel weird saying that, and I'm so sorry, Brit, that we're fighting about this.
It's a very difficult thing to fight about, because it truly is, like, such an incredible film.
But I think, like, when it comes down to it, it is more science fiction than horror.
And I think that while it
 introduces a lot of really great stuff to the pantheon of the genre, I think it borrows so much from the genre, to create something that science fiction had never seen before.
And perhaps this is getting pedantic, so I don't so I'm trying to find a way to argue about this.
I just, I think that so much of Alien,
 is more in the science fiction realm, the action realm.
And that's thinking of the later films, not the original, which I need to focus on.
But I think something about that keeps me from thinking of it as the greatest horror movie of all time.
Definitely up there, for sure.
But to me, it is the greatest science fiction film of all time.
And I think that's where I'm going to end it because I'm not really sure how else to argue about Alien not being one of the greatest horror movies of all
 I really like this angle because I was going to say in my head if there was a way that I was going to combat Alien in a debate like this, it is saying it's the greatest, but in this other category.
So Mary Beth, you got a challenger pick for us.
What do you bring into the table?
And honestly, like, Mary Beth, like, is dressed as, like, festive horror today, like this really cute little, like, sweater and, like, beanie.
 so she really yeah she's really selling it but no i mean like i look i i think black christmas is really fun i do think it has like some really great like iconic imagery in it and some really spooky stuff but i wouldn't even put it in the conversation for like best horror movie of all time
 I just like wouldn't I mean like if we're talking about like best like you know Christmas horror or like you know best slashers I think you can make like a really good argument for it if we're talking like you know the pedantic stuff right but like I I think that like yeah I mean it's just it's good but like is it
 right?
Is it a masterpiece?
Alien is a masterpiece.
Alien is like, okay, because here's the other thing I want to get into.
And I think that this will open things up for really interesting discussion, right?
Because I think what makes something what makes a horror movie really what makes some of the best horror movies really great, right?
 is that they are about more than just scaring you.
They're about something, right?
And Alien has all this incredible thematic stuff.
There's all this psychosexual stuff going on with a lot of the Geiger designs, the threats of men being sexually assaulted by something which you don't really see very often, which I think gets under the audience's skin in really subconscious ways.
 There's this really great stuff with like the misogyny of like the men not listening to Ripley and she like knows better than they do and it's frustrating and all of that stuff makes it so relatable.
And I have some exciting stuff coming up that I can't really talk about yet, but I will have a little book project that I get to announce in the next few months.
So follow me on social media if you want to know.
Yeah.
Post notifications on for Brit Hayes.
I love to see it.
Mary Beth, what about you?
Where can the people find you?
What you got coming up?
So you can find me on Instagram at mb.mcandrews.
You can find me on Blue Sky at mbmcandrews.
 I am leaving Dread Central to just work on some other projects.
I have a book coming out next year about paranormal activity, the movie, so keep an eye on that.
My movie Bystanders is streaming wherever you watch your movies.
If you're looking to add a nasty little micro-budget rape revenge movie to your watch list for Halloween, you can do it.
It's on Tubi.
It's free.
You have no excuse.
Unless you don't like watching boys get killed, then that's okay.
But yeah, that's the one.
Yeah.
 Well, congratulations on your new career endeavor.
It's always cool to see when people are working on new creative projects.
Post notifications on for Marybeth as well.
Make sure we stay up to date on all things Marybeth McAndrews.
As for me, I'm at Liam T. Crowley on all socials, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, most active on Instagram and we got
 a whole bunch of interviews for a whole bunch of films coming out.
If I listed them all now, we would talk longer than the duration of this podcast.
So just keep it locked.
It's going to be a very busy award season.
I'm very, very blessed to get to cover a lot of films that are going to be likely at the ceremony next March.
And it makes, you know, nomination season all the more fun.
So keep it locked to my socials, keep it locked to ScreenRant.com, to my author profile as well.
That's where all the interviews exist in both video and written form.
 And until next time, we will see you next week to talk about the greatest boy band of all time.
I'm so excited.
 How much would $300,000 change your life?
What the?
How far would you go for a chance to win it all?
Wow.
10 strangers have agreed to live in this facility.
It's so small.
Isolated into separate cells for 10 days.
This is tinier than I thought.
They will share a pool of money to survive.
A bottle of water.
And whatever they don't spend, they take home.
 This is Money Game.
 My name is Rex Dizzy.
I'm participant number two.
I'm a rapper and a streamer on Twitch.
This is crazy.
Yo, this shit is crazy.
 I say you either love me or hate me.
I'm doing money game because it seemed like a good time.
I'm willing to risk it all.
I might have to deceive.
I might have to become a scammer.
And I'm trying to make some money.
Oh no.
 Someone knocking?
Who's next to me?
Oh, what's up?
This is number six.
So why are you here?
I was homeless for like three and a half years.
 And I just got off the streets in August, and I heard about this.
And I was like, well, if I win some money, that'll make sure I'm never homeless again.
I was homeless.
I got into two bad car accidents, and it sent me on this mental health spiral.
I was out of work for about two months with no income and newly depleted savings.
I can't even imagine what you're going through.
It's almost like a bottomless pit.
It's like once you fall in, it's near impossible to get out.
 And it just got worse and worse.
And it's harder to find a job when you don't even know where you're going to be sleeping at night.
So then there was just a lot of sleeping on the trains and the buses and the alleys and stuff.
Yeah, it was pretty terrible.
Have you ordered anything yet?
I ordered nicotine.
Oh, all right.
I'm going to do 10 MREs.
Do you know what those are?
Yeah, the army supply?
Yeah, yeah, meals ready to eat.
You're going to get 10 of them?
 I mean, no judgment, but it's like, I promise you 10 MREs is not going to be costing extra in comparison to that.
Participant number two got nicotine right out the gate.
And his answer to me when I asked him about it was, if I don't get this, I'll go crazy.
My thing is we're all going crazy, my dude.
 Honestly, I like to challenge myself, but claustrophobia is like my biggest fear of all time.
Oh, damn.
So my thought process is, if I leave, it doesn't take away from anyone's money, and it technically leaves more money that I don't spend.
Oh, yeah.
I'd rather have someone like you win than me.
 It made me super emotional.
What's the tea?
It's claustrophobic.
So, like, it was... Yeah.
Yeah, it just really didn't like...
The room is smaller than I thought it was gonna be.
Was that the guy that you were talking to?
Yes.
He sounded so, like, excited.
Maybe that's why he was so talkative, because he was, like, claustrophobic.
I think so, yeah.
 After participant eight quit, I was very relieved that it happened, because it's one more person out of the game.
Me and her are raising a kid now, like, because, like, I'm snoring.
And then whenever I snore, she, like, wakes me up.
You were snoring all night.
And let me tell you, you did not wake up before they're like, oh, yeah.
So she's not, I'm not, I'm not denying it.
It's, you know, it's a problem.
But, you know, we live in a society.
 I've gotten maybe two to three hours of sleep because of rec.
So to the extent that I'm really running on empty, that's pretty annoying.
We all have like things that, you know, like we want to get like judgment free from everyone else, you know?
I agree.
Yeah.
What are you hiding?
 I smoke.
I vape.
So, you know, I do want a cop.
I miss my wine, but I'm here for the money.
So it's like, I'm just going to suffer for nine more days and walk away with more.
I don't know.
 We're getting super cozy.
I was like, wow, this is a bougie sleeping bag.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Why'd I have to do that now?
Why'd I have to do that?
 That's actually really pretty good.
How much did we spend?
$16,235.
$16,000.
$16,000.
I'm like, no thanks.
I'm going to make it work.
Yeah, I know.
I'm OK.
 Biohazard bags must be used to dispose of human waste and liquids.
Toilets are available for purchase at the participant's discretion, but we have biohazard bags that we can take out every day, so why would you need one?
Defecating and urinating anywhere but into the biohazard bags of your toilet facilities is strictly prohibited.
Well, damn, that foils all my plans for this game.
Oh, my God.
What the fuck?
It's just tight as hell.
 Who did this?
 Oh.
Yeah.
OK.
This is definitely difficult.
Oh, this is going to be fun.
Hello.
 Who's that?
Can you hear this?
I mean, I can't really help it.
I would love it if you could be, like, completely silent.
Are you a light sleeper or a heavy sleeper?
Oh, I'm a real light sleeper.
I'm a little concerned about snoring.
I snore.
If you snore so loudly that it wakes me up, I might start pounding on the wall.
I'm just warning you now.
Oh, and you might feel pressured to spend since you haven't.
Exactly.
But if we have, like, a set amount between now and when we get out, then we could budget and strategize for ourselves.
I like that.
I like that.
 Yeah, that sounds good.
Guys, we have rec time like prisoners.
We got rec time.
Oh, yay.
Oh, wow.
You know, now that we know, next time, next time we know.
Hold on, I'm putting on hand sanitizer.
Thank you.
 Vaping is the one thing I look forward to.
Me waiting hours to vape is, it's crazy.
Yo, so lightheaded.
I'm only gonna hit it, what, twice a day, so this should last me, I think.
How much was it?
I'm curious.
$2,000.
 2000.
Chill, chill, chill.
2000, 2000.
Like, I'm really addicted to vaping.
Like, I'm trying to, like, be cognizant of, like, you know, if I'm feeling a little bit cranky.
And I don't want it to affect the way I interact with people.
 Does everyone know what MREs are?
It's meals ready to eat.
It comes with its own, like, self-heating thing.
And we'll each have, like, one full 1,200-calorie meal a day.
That's honestly really spicy.
Good job.
The idea for MREs, that would be probably the most bang for your buck and the most calories.
My strategy is to just keep being useful.
The MREs seem to have gone over very well, so holding onto that common sense.
 What?
Already?
Elimination.
What is this?
Message.
Message.
No way.
There will be elimination today.
You must vote.
No side bets allowed.
And I think, preemptively, he wants to fight back against that.
How are you doing?
 I'm alright.
I'm nervous about elimination like everyone.
Do you have like any idea?
 I really don't, because here's the thing.
I feel like we all know how to put up that facade of, like, I can't get as accurate a gauge on, like, people's impressions of me, because I grew up looking like this in Nebraska when everyone hated whatever this actress, serialist, whatever personality was, so I'm used to people just kind of assuming I'm a bitch upon meeting me.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Oh.
Curfew warning.
 I'm gonna go to my room.
Bring it in, bring it in.
Oh, he got his arms.
Come on, man.
Broke brigade, bro.
Broke brigade.
Feels good, but feels bad.
Are you okay?
Yesterday night, I was a little bit more sure of myself, but now, you know, it could be me.
 Yeah, this is not fun.
In regards to my position, I think I'm most concerned because I don't know what position I'm in.
That's the downside of us hanging out so much.
I don't really know where I rank on other people's lists.
I don't know if I'm at the top.
I don't know if I'm in the middle.
So I'm kind of concerned that I might be at the bottom for some people, and I don't want that.
Next time on Money Game.
 I intend to eliminate Rek tonight.
I wouldn't miss the snoring, personally.
I don't know how the game is gonna shift on this.
In this game, if we're forced to vote each other out, there has to be some sort of deception.
When is the shoe going to drop?
Today, you can vote twice for the same person.
Holy shit.
 You are an NPC.
You're a bot.
You are a normie.
You're a Broki, actually, and you are living in the Matrix.
You just don't even realize it.
Just cog in the machine.
Maybe it's time we take a page out of Luke Belmar's book, The King of Escaping the Matrix, to find out how we can go from Broki to hoagies, to unlimited hoagies, because of how much money we have.
That's one I just made up.
From Broki to no hoagies.
 Nokia by Drake.
 Capital Talks, and many more.
People claim that he's the best at yaponomics, aka he loves to yap, but that means that we can learn from this man.
That means he's willing to spew knowledge for free for us to gobble up like the little fucking normies we are.
Little truffle normies, looking for those little bits of info in the ground.
I don't wanna be a bro-key anymore.
I don't wanna be a bro-key.
I'm in the Matrix, I don't wanna be a little NPC anymore.
Where's the knowledge?
 Let's learn, and live, and laugh, and love.
 And then in 30 seconds, you're not even a memory.
Damn hard ass editing.
First of all, I was fully captivated the whole time.
I think the best little bit I got from that was move as if no one exists.
I mean, it's actually kind of sick.
How does that make you feel?
Uh, kinda like shit.
Okay, shit, that's interesting.
That's an interesting concept, feel like shit.
What if I told you that when you take a shit, you're not actually taking the shit.
The shit is staying in one place and you are raising up.
That's right, the turd is actually staying at the same level and your body is raising up off the turd because the shit is actually taking you.
Does that make you think about the Matrix a little bit differently?
Yeah, thought so.
 Let me tell you about time capital.
What if I told you you're outrunning one security guard away from that wallet being completely free?
What if I told you that?
Brother, if you die today, your mother, me, and maybe another 50, 75 people show up.
By 2 p.m., half of us are hungry.
We're booking restaurants.
By 5 p.m., your mom can't shed any more tears.
She goes home.
She goes to bed.
And in the morning, she figures out, how do I pay the bill?
And everybody's back to work.
 Long gone dream, baby.
What the fuck?
What the fuck, man?
What's the lesson there?
I don't know who that poor guy is that he's talking to, but I mean, he just annihilated that guy.
Brother, you don't understand.
When you die, nobody will remember you.
Not even your own mom.
Jesus, bro.
I invite you on my yacht and this is how you treat me?
Sad but true.
Oh man, Bill Maher, he just, he gets it, bro.
When you start school, what does your first grade teacher ask you?
What is your what?
Dream job.
Not what is your dream.
 Now, what do you want to do in life?
What do you want to achieve in life?
What countries do you want to visit?
No, what is your dream job?
What type of cog are you gonna be in the fucking machine when you grow up?
From day one, you're being programmed to be a bot.
That one's not bad, actually.
Having a job is not bad.
It's not bad.
You gotta make money.
Not everyone can be a fucking entrepreneur.
Not everyone can be you, Luke Belmar.
Some people like being in the matrix, all right?
It's cozy.
Yeah, also, like how many first graders know what a country even is?
 If you ask a first grader, what is your dream job?
They understand that.
They know what a job is.
Their parents have jobs probably.
They know what a job is.
So what are your dream job?
They're like learning about jobs then, you know?
Doesn't mean they're being programmed.
If you ask them, what is your dream?
They'd be like, ah, purple fucking dogs.
And like, okay.
Yeah, sorry.
I forgot.
You're like six or however old you are in first grade.
 I want a really big bounce house and a blimp.
And you're like, did you just say blimp?
That is how you should be thinking, son.
That is how you escape the matrix right there.
If you asked a first grader what countries they'd like to visit, they'd be like, I want to go to America.
You're like, you're in it.
Dumbass.
Okay.
What, do you know any other countries even?
 This is how people read dumb motherfuckers, bro.
You don't read books like a fucking novel, bro.
You don't read a book like a fucking novel.
Ooh, let me get surprised.
Let me see what's gonna happen.
No, you go figure out things that are essential for you and you skim out through the entire book.
You skim the entire book.
You understand what the book is about.
 and then you attack it based off of your necessities this is how you attack knowledge books bro you don't you don't read them like a fucking novel bro who's taught you that shit the only person that's teaching that shit's the school system bro they don't even teach you how to fucking learn i love the captions he's got like a little caption mustache the whole time one two oh this is how people read dumb motherfuckers bro one two oh
 That is how I read, honestly.
Sorry, I thought reading a book front to back was normal, but I guess that's not normal.
I guess that's what dumb people do.
Is being surprised beta?
Is that a beta thing to do?
You don't read books like a fucking novel, bro.
You don't read a book like a fucking novel.
Ooh, let me get surprised.
Let me get surprised.
Let me see what's gonna happen.
Let me see what's gonna happen.
 Oh, I can't wait to find out what's gonna happen in this book.
LOSER!
No, you're supposed to read it back to front, idiot, so you already know what's gonna happen when you read it front to back.
Let me get surprised.
 I kind of love this dude, honestly.
You need millions of followers.
You just need 300 dudes that will go to war for you.
300 dudes.
Everybody nets a million dollars a year, which is super easy to do.
Now you have a network that's worth 300 million dollars in its first year.
How powerful is that?
Be quiet.
Think more than four seconds before you speak.
 Damn, ouch, bro.
Holy shit, didn't have to be mean about it.
Why is this guy being so mean?
I'm just trying to watch the clip.
Jesus, that actually like hurt my feelings a little bit.
Shut the fuck up, little bitch, all right?
Think for four seconds before speaking.
Okay, sorry.
Don't be reactive, be proactive.
Listen, maybe I'm not wasting my time here.
Maybe I'm trying to teach you something that's good for you.
 He's kind of rapping.
It's kind of like spitting bars at the same time, you know?
People can call up and be like, yo, can you wire me a million?
I'll send you.
I'm good for it.
Oh, you don't have those friends?
I do.
So I can tell you it's real.
Oh no, there's no way.
That's because you're a peasant.
You don't understand these things.
 The way he's looking at the camera and then also to someone else, maybe that's not there, is weirdly effective.
I'm like, he's dissing me to my face, but then also to this fucking random guy that's right there, maybe.
Which is even more hurtful somehow.
Because he's more acknowledging this person than he's sort of looking at me just to tell me I'm a piece of shit.
In due time, shut the f**k up.
Be quiet.
Think more than four seconds before you speak.
 Jesus man, you're right.
Actually, I'm sorry.
That's literally what I'm doing is being reactive.
This is a reaction video That's what I have to do.
But maybe you're right.
Let's be proactive.
Let's watch the next one.
I'm gonna shut my mouth I'm just gonna learn the leaders belong to the matrix ladies and gentlemen There are tools designed to keep you sedentary in a sedentary lifestyle not walking not exercising We're using one like hypocrites because there's actually no way to get out.
There's no stairs.
We could technically walk up the youth Oh, this is a second core jump over
 All right, I gotta open my mouth.
You know what?
I actually kind of agree with this one.
Weirdly, I do.
If you can, if you're physically able and the stairs are available, you should take them.
I fully believe in that, but that's just like the fitness douche in me, I guess.
Listen, take the elevator or the escalator.
It doesn't really matter, right?
Money's energy.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I see.
He's saying he learned how Asians think about money and he took, I see.
Damn.
I thought he was like accusing the co-hosts of like, like, I don't know, doing something with his money.
Cause he's Asian.
I know how you Asians think.
All right.
I'm not telling you how much I'm worth.
 The moment you begin to expose that energy, right?
People start to understand how powerful or how weak you truly are.
So, numbers will keep them private.
Let's just leave actions to speak for themselves.
Nice, yeah.
That's the name of the game.
Nice facts, facts, facts.
Nice, nice, nice, nice, dude.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I really want to know how much he's worth, honestly.
I kind of need to know how much money is in this guy's account.
I think that would be really cathartic, weirdly.
After watching all these videos, it's like, just fucking tell us, dude.
What's the number?
 the net worth of the royal family, they literally built this entire sand hill into an absolute utopia.
It's absolutely bananas.
And you look at their net worth on Forbes and it says $2 billion.
 to make $2 billion a day.
You have no idea, these people are sitting on trillions, trillions of dollars.
Liquid, whether it's in cash or in liquid petroleum, black gold, they're sitting on trillions of dollars.
Real wealth shuts up.
Real wealth shuts up.
Which is a funny thing to say coming from the biggest yapper on earth.
You're the king of yapponomics, dude.
All you do is talk, apparently.
So then to be confronted, like, what's your net worth?
You'd be like, I don't talk about that.
 Real wealth shuts the fuck up.
It's like, dude, you just talked for an hour about how rich you are.
What do you mean our guys say the number?
What do you mean real wealth shuts up?
Real wealth yaps!
Tan isn't to just be tanned.
You tan because it makes you more fucking money.
You get vitamin D, you become healthy, your sleep cycles are in check, therefore you sleep better.
You're gonna look healthier.
You don't think all those things are gonna lead you to make more money?
You tanning for 15 minutes is a business play!
It's a money play!
The whole thing is like, I'm insightful.
I've thought this through.
And the whole time his hat says dimes on it.
 It's like wearing a hat that says, like, hot bitches on it or something like that.
It's like, how can people take you seriously with dimes on your fucking hat?
You ever been to Dimes Square, bro?
New York City.
Fucking bottles and models, baby.
That's how we do it.
One of the comments says, this guy has the IQ of a puddle.
Hey, do not talk about my boy like that.
All right?
He's one of my 300 dudes.
Talk about jack of all trades.
Master of life.
Who told you that?
It's a common phrase.
Yeah, but who came up with that?
What's the origin of that?
Isn't there a longer phrase to that?
Jack of all trades, master of life.
The more that you know, the more that you know.
 Being good in one vertical alone isn't gonna take you to your fullest potential.
You need to be well-rounded.
Jack of all trades is the master of life.
Master everything.
And once you break that down, it's like, oh, damn, that's true.
What else is a lie?
Everything.
Damn, okay, he's taking down ancient proverbs now.
He's taking those fucking things down.
Jack of all trades.
Who even made that up, bro?
It's fake.
Jack of all trades, master of none.
Yeah, right.
Jacking off trades.
Master of cum.
 Holy fuck, man.
Damn.
That was poetry.
I just, that was just, man, I just made myself laugh very hard, which is actually quite sad.
I think we got to end the video there, man.
That was too good.
That was too good.
Sorry, but that was funny.
Master of cum.
Jack of all trades.
 Master of none jacking off trades master of calm.
Thanks for watching guys If you're one of my 300 dudes, please like this video for me I'll know because this video will get exactly 300 likes appreciate you and I'll see you next time for a video outside of the matrix and I'll see you next time brookie
 It's weird, it's like you're missing this compassionate DNA gene.
I'm really bad on this right now.
I wasn't used to girls pretending like they like you a lot, and then the next day, they don't, and then they like you again.
Wow!
I'm just getting roasted here!
Clap your claps.
Alright!
 And welcome back to another episode of Off The Pill Podcast.
Today joining us, we have Pacalito, as usual, per uge, and a very special guest, Miss Arden Cho, and...
 I Said we shouldn't bring in but she's been she doesn't she doesn't bark.
She's not a normal dog.
Yeah, and she follows me everywhere Yeah, she's not a normal.
No, she really isn't.
She's the runt of the litter Definitely has nothing to do with it.
No, I think it's because she grew up on set with me That is not the reason it's like you trained her to be quiet.
You did not train her.
She was always like that.
I
 I don't know if I trained her to be quiet, I definitely didn't, but I think she was always used to being around a lot of things happening in production and I think she got used to it.
So you don't think that the reason why she's quiet has nothing to do with the fact that she used to run through the litter?
 Yeah, I won't lie.
I thought she was deaf for the first like two years.
She never barked.
She's the best dog.
She looks like she just popped a couple of like... Can you see it in her frame?
I think like the very bottom, the very bottom of the frame.
It looks like you're forcing her to be here.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I told her to leave.
People just listening, Chewy's just sitting on Arden's lap.
She is.
She's super chill.
I did my intros.
We have another sponsor for today.
Luckily,
 Are you gonna do that collapse?
Oh, no.
Okay.
Well it is Skillshare.
Oh, you heard it.
I
 I think it just, maybe it's sexist, but I think I just really had an issue with you being younger at the time.
But yeah, but obviously over it and I don't really care.
And now, yeah, Ryan is like an old grandpa and he's so old and boring.
Like I think I'm way more fun, but I'm also old and boring.
 So now we're both old and bored.
It's a roast session, baby.
I will roast you so hard.
I'm ready.
Papa does fun things.
I do a lot of fun things.
I'm trying to do more fun things.
You already do.
I don't know why you're saying like you.
What do you mean?
I want to do more fun things.
Because I didn't live my 20s very fun.
I think I was so ready to like grow up and be an adult that I didn't get to have a lot of fun.
So now in my 30s, I'm trying to enjoy life more and have fun.
Like I made Ryan do a staycation yesterday.
 And he's really happy about it.
Obviously.
No, I mean it's not but it was a nice dinner We went to get massages a couple's massage.
It was really romantic Yeah, we I just always thought that was such a weird concept staycation where you get a hotel in the same city that you live in Yeah, and the part of me I mean I got used to it cuz she likes doing that but a part of me and first was just like
 It doesn't make sense.
We have a regular bed like a cleaner one Probably I don't even I think about those kind of things when I'm walking around hotel and you're barefoot I'm like man, I know there's probably spit and like all kinds of who knows what's on that floor There's no way they cleaned it very well in between the hour that we know they definitely they don't they don't clean the remotes That stuff bothers me.
They don't leave in the curtains, but it looks okay to the naked eye.
Yeah I don't know
 I just love hotels and I love room service.
You like making a mess and not cleaning.
 I know why yeah, I mean I think it's because Okay, a little bit is that I don't have to clean it because I'm the type that once it's messy Like I need to clean it right away.
There's always gonna be a counteraction.
I mean, I agree obviously they've dominated the realm But I can see what they're trying to say like based on principles like well technically, you know if
 Person in the story is Asian and you cast white you guys would be upset So why are you allowing this white person in this story being cast as something else?
So I could I could see what they're trying to say, but I also see what you're trying to say I think you're never gonna I think there's gonna be a lot of Asians that disagree with you.
I
 Yeah, I've already seen it and I just like I just sit back just like this is there's to me I think I mean, it's it's very important to your Specific job.
Yeah, that's why I wanted you to speak about it because you deal with that all the time.
I
 Of course and and of course there's always a part of me that's going to try to be considerate of what?
People will feel and you know how it might be perceived, but I always tell people you have to think about it this way Wouldn't you want a show like fresh off the boat to exist and to be great as it is?
Or them to have just not done it because they couldn't find the father because Randall Park is great.
He's so great, but he's not Chinese nice Korean
 But I think he's great.
And so I don't think that should be an issue.
You know what I'm saying?
Also shouldn't be because most of those people know most Asian ethnicities are not 100 percent anything.
Right.
Right.
And so that's why I'm saying I think the people who are upset are the ones that are extremely prideful.
And I'm sorry to say this racist.
 It's well, it's people who take a lot.
I think this is where it comes from It's parents who take so much pride in their culture, which is a great thing But I mean if you're really breaking it down, I think that's what it is based on It's like this is a culturally Korean thing.
But like like just like you you're culturally Korean, but technically you might not be full Korean, right?
technically, right
 Unless we find out later down the road all these DNA tests were all scans I kind of felt like there's a possibility.
 And I knew about three actresses that I thought were amazing and perfect for the part and friends.
And so I just pass it along and it was great for them.
But I think for me, I knew that as an actor, I couldn't do that well.
And so I think
 I think for me, and I hope other actors, it really just comes down to, can you tell the story well?
Can you tell it without sort of disturbing, I guess, the authenticity of where the whole project is coming from?
So I mean, I think if it's a character where
 Yeah, I mean even if it's someone who Even though I speak Korean if the film is about someone who like comes from Korea to speak English I don't think that I would probably be the best for the part right is going to be other actors that are great for it, but I think if it's a girl from Hong Kong and She's supposed to be ethnically Chinese But she's in America or even if she grew up in Hong Kong, but she went to like international school I think I could play that because I speak English and I've been to Hong Kong and I
 Now when you go into casting you should bring in your DNA results and be like look I am actually I think most people like I mean because our parents, you know a lot especially first-gen Not that mines are but a lot of parents of friends that I know are very proud Obviously like Asians are just I mean they fight amongst each other even yeah
 That's the main problem.
I think underlying issue is there's a lot of racism within the Asian culture.
Oh, why?
Do you have to shi-shi?
No, but maybe the viewers do.
Oh, okay.
But then they could probably just bring their phones with them.
Can't they just like shi-shi while they're watching?
That would be our break.
Can they shi-shi while they watch?
Don't they know what, do they know what shi-shi means?
Some of them.
Oh, okay.
All right.
It's an inside joke.
Well, everybody, it's time for the shi-shi break.
Have a good time and we'll see you back in five.
 That was good five seconds, I think oh wait now I have to she she see So hello everybody we're back from the shoe are you we got to the clappy clap?
Oh, are you?
 Hey, hey you take your own podcast Wow Paco feeling a little aggressive this morning.
Yes.
I've only said three sentences in the first half my Anxiety about am I being loved by strangers?
It's flaring up right now Okay, then I'll let you can bring us back.
You can do the and we're back What do you mean?
I did it.
Okay.
All right, and we're back
 You want to read the Skillshare thing?
Dude, I'd love to, but they probably want your voice.
Actually, you would be good.
I don't know if they want my voice.
Dude, let's have a competition.
Let's have a competition.
No, but then we're going to read three times.
Dude, that means three times the pay.
You know what's so funny?
We could read it three times, and I'm basically doing it for free.
Yeah, you are.
Baby, will you buy me at least dinner?
If I read it?
I have this.
I just went to Costco and got some.
Actually, I shouldn't say that.
Oh my gosh.
Should I tell them about our super romantic date last week?
 Or tell them the story.
I gotta read this guy's story.
What steak story?
Oh, I can tell them But before we get that this episode once again is brought to you by Skillshare Thank you, and there's over 25,000 classes.
I don't think I need to say this I know they want me to but I'm just gonna be more straight up and be like
Yeah, follow me I might post YouTube videos again.
I'm not sure when but I feel like I keep thinking about it It was a good series though.
The one were you eating with different people?
 Thought yeah, I like that the one where you did with Ryan.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that was fine That was fine And then I just got busy and actually started filming Chicago Med and I was going back and forth so much that I got hard She's doing real things.
No, it's not I love YouTube.
It's just for those who don't know YouTube is a lot of work you have to wear every hat and so I think YouTube is so tough, but
 It's definitely something that I always want to do.
And so yeah, hopefully I'll be back and then definitely thank you I appreciate it if you support Leonard in church, please follow us and if you have graduation gifts or birthday gifts or whatever I think it's a great present There you go.
That's the plug.
So how we end this thing we always end up waiting.
Where do they follow?
Oh
 You're right.
I forgot.
Oh, you're right.
You're right.
Follow us at off the pill on Twitter and at off the pill podcast on Instagram and Reddit.
And I don't know what the Reddit is.
Reddit dot com slash r slash nigga.
There you go.
Wow.
Follow us there.
And we'll see you guys next time.
In three, two, one.
Just breathe into the mic.
That's all.
 Wow, you don't even watch the podcast.
It's very long I shout out to all the people who are still here because if you stay past when you know, we're gonna end the podcast You're a real one type We'll give them a secret code so that we know if you guys stayed or not and don't explain what the code is Just if you're still here type in purple elephants.
All right.
All right coming for you I
 That's not the funniest thing we can come up with.
Purple elephants are good.
I don't know why I was thinking about purple elephants.
I don't know either.
Alright, type in purple elephants and we know you're real.
Bye.
 Indian food.
That's it.
There's no gimmick here.
Indian cuisine is the best vegetarian cuisine, hands down, because 30% of India is vegetarian.
And that is a lot of people, considering India has over a billion people.
 So 30% of like 1.3 billion people eat vegetarian, and they've been eating vegetarian for generations, for so long, and they have mastered the art of making vegetables taste good, which is so important when it comes to vegetarian cooking, because you don't wanna be making salads.
You don't wanna just be eating cheese.
You want to take your game up a notch.
You gotta get creative with it,
 And Indian cuisine is where it's at for making those veggies taste incredible.
And the variety is insane.
Most people think of like the standard curry.
Maybe they've had it at some shitty Indian place.
No, no, no.
When you're talking about traditional Indian food, it goes deep.
And you'll see in this video, although these recipes aren't 100% traditional, they take traditional Indian cooking techniques to make three different courses, all using veggies as the star.
 There's just a few basics that we gotta cover right up front when it comes to making Indian food.
Number one, you gotta get your spice game on point.
These are my favorite essential Indian spices right here that I use all the time.
These are whole spices, so the seed form.
Obviously, you can use ground spices.
I tend to use more of the whole spice, but in Indian cuisine, you'll see both in most dishes.
You'll see it starts off with some of the whole spice, then it moves on to ground spice later on in the dish.
 Speaking of ground spice, number two, we've got a little garam masala right here.
You can go to the store, you can get curry powder or garam masala powder.
Those are like the two biggest ground powders.
 At this point, I actually decided last second to add some sliced mushrooms.
I just wanted a little extra something in there.
I thought they would soak up that juice really nicely.
So I added some fresh chopped mushrooms, and then I added a little bit of tamarind paste, which is just really nice and tangy.
You can use lime juice, lemon juice, any acidity you want, but tamarind I thought would work really nice in this dish.
 and just cook that for a few more minutes until it came together and created a beautiful coconut curry.
And for this dish, I felt that I kind of overcooked it a little bit.
The butternut squash I was working with, it was a little smaller.
I like it when it's a little more tender, but feel free to turn it into mush.
You could puree that whole thing and it'd be delicious.
 So the last main veggie course, and maybe my favorite, at least the dish that I make the most, is this tomato eggplant dish.
And I've kind of transformed it because you see this dish a lot in Middle Eastern cooking, so I've almost fused the two, but you do see a lot of eggplant curries or like eggplant stews, eggplant tomato dishes in Indian cooking.
So let's get after this one.
 The first thing you're gonna do is roast your eggplant.
And you don't need to do it this way, but I find it's really easy to just roll them up in some tinfoil, throw them in the oven at about 400 degrees and cook those things for like an hour and a half.
Make sure you go the extra notch.
If you think they're done, I would say cook them for another 30 minutes just to make sure those things come out so soft and gooey.
 To start on the tempering process, I got a little bit of ghee in the pan.
I added some cardamom, some cumin seeds.
I had some green peppercorns here.
You can use regular peppercorns.
I just smashed those up.
You'll see this in so many different Indian recipes.
It's basically just a paste made out of ginger and garlic.
So they puree it down and it works great because you don't have to sit there chopping up ginger and garlic.
You just add that paste to your dishes and boom, shanakin, you've got yourself flavor.
 The first dish we're gonna start out with might be the most traditional because I learned it from my Indian friend who learned it from his parents who probably learned it from their parents.
So it goes way back and it's a spinach dish.
And you'll see in India a lot of spinach dishes, but they treat spinach a lot differently than we do over in the States.
 You know, usually we wilt it down for like a minute, maybe we blanch it.
That's not how it works with these dishes.
They cook the shit out of spinach.
They stew it down.
So if you ever see a saag, a saag paneer, try that out at an Indian restaurant.
See if you like it.
It's like a pureed Indian delicious spinach dish.
 We're going to start off with just coating the bottom of the pan with some of that ghee.
Now we're going to add in our whole spice, and this is called tempering the spices.
So you're basically just infusing the oil with the whole spice.
We've got coriander.
We've got some cardamom that I just cracked lightly to release some of those seeds inside.
We've got some cumin seeds.
Once that cooked for about
 30 seconds.
I added some fresh chili in there and then some onion and then some salt.
The salt will help brown those onions a bit and also add just a layer of flavor.
You really want to cook that on a nice medium heat.
Cook it low and slow to make sure you caramelize all of that goodness right down.
And then once those onions are looking delicious, just like this, we're going to add in our ginger garlic paste.
So just give about a spoonful or two of that stuff.
Once that cooks for about a minute we're going in with our spinach and this is going to look like a ton of spinach but again it's all going to stew down over about an hour of time.
 Just pack in your spinach.
This is fresh from the farmer's market, but if you've got bagged spinach, just get like two big bags.
You'll be surprised.
You need a lot for this dish.
You can even get some of that frozen stuff too.
A lot of recipes are actually made with that.
That's all right in this case.
I'm going to add a little bit of water to steam everything up to get it all nice and wilted down.
And then you're just going to start cooking that down and really breaking all of that spinach down, melding all of those flavors.
 Once everything's wilted down, we're gonna add a little bit of salt.
We're gonna add some garam masala, and this is a homemade one I made, but you can use a store-bought, of course.
And you see this a lot in Indian dishes.
You start out with the whole spice in the beginning.
That gives you a nice texture and good flavor.
And then you sprinkle in some of the powder to really up the spice levels.
A lot of times I just skip the powder because, I don't know, Indian spice, they really go for it.
I don't think it's necessary, but that's obviously traditional.
 Now I actually had some chana dal, which is a split chickpea, which is very popular in Indian cuisine.
But you can use any type of lentil, maybe some beans.
You're going to add those in right here.
And then I just added a little bit of water and let that cook for about 30 minutes to 45 minutes until
 the chana dal is cooked nicely through.
It's tender to the bite.
And you'll see over time, the spinach really breaks down, which is what I love about this dish.
You're not used to eating spinach that was stewed down so much, but the end result is just fantastic.
You can call it a saag, I don't know, maybe just a Indian spinach stew.
 So the next dish, we are shifting gears a little bit.
 and the ginger garlic paste will cook very quick because it's a paste so you got to make sure you stir that around so it doesn't burn.
 And you've got delicious flatbread.
It can't really get better than that.
You scoop up some of that good stuff right there.
And you've got yourself an Indian feast.
And that's really what it's all about.
They bring out a bunch of these little curry plates.
 and they have a feast.
And to me, it's like, when I figured out good Indian cuisine, because believe me, there's a lot of shit.
Most people, they honestly, from America at least, they think of the shitty Indian cuisine, unless you know someone that was cooking you good Indian food when you were a kid, or you went to some really good restaurants.
There's a lot of shit stuff out there.
It's kind of like Chinese food.
It just got Americanized at some point.
 But when you look at the traditional stuff, if you go to India, even over in the UK, incredible Indian food, just start looking into the techniques, start learning some of the basic spices.
I've covered just some of them in this video, but there's just an endless wealth of knowledge and cooking skills when it comes to Indian food.
And it's definitely one of my favorites.
So stop eating, stop eating just salads.
I mean, salads are good,
 But you got to take your game to the next level.
You got to start learning how to really make vegetables sing.
You've got to get creative with it.
And Indian cuisine is one of the best ways to do that.
 That's it, make sure you subscribe to my Instagram feed, Life by Mike G. You'll see me cooking a lot of these types of dishes because honestly, I cook like this all the time in my regular life.
So if you wanna see some stories on that and stay up to date, make sure you subscribe to that, subscribe to Brothers Green, and keep on cooking.
 Do you let people borrow your tools?
If so, they might leave and then eventually come back.
But sometimes they leave and they never come home again.
I want to make a system to be able to check all my tools in and out, just like a library, so I know whether they're here or somewhere else and who took them and when.
Now, in my case, my friends aren't trying to steal my tools.
I just forget who takes them and when they took them.
But I've got an idea to solve that.
 Now, building a catalog of all of my tools is gonna start with a sticker, but not just any sticker.
This one's actually really cool.
This is an RFID sticker.
It's got a little RFID chip on the inside of it, so you can stick it to anything, like, for instance, a framing nailer.
 Now, obviously it's a sticker that somebody could peel off, but again, people aren't trying to steal these, I just need to keep track of them.
So, once we have the sticker on here, we have to read it.
Then, to read the sticker, all we have to have is a reader.
This is a module that you can hook up to microcontrollers or computers or whatever, and to read it, all you have to do is put it next to it.
Each one of these stickers has a unique ID in it, and we need a way to connect this ID with a specific tool and something that says whether that tool is checked in or checked out.
 And for that, we're probably gonna need to head to the whiteboard.
Now, if you've ever worked with a database or even a spreadsheet, you probably know what I'm going for here.
 We need to build a table, and this table has rows.
Each one of the rows represents a tool, its ID, and whether it's marked in or out.
And the easiest way to do this is to build a database, but building a database requires something to serve the database, a place to put it, and a way to access it.
And that's where it starts to get a little complicated.
Well, it could be complicated, but we're gonna use this.
 This video is sponsored by Arduino, and they sent me their brand new Arduino Uno Q.
Now this may look familiar if you've ever seen one of these.
This is an Arduino Uno.
This is like the de facto microcontroller when you think about Arduino.
But these are actually really different.
 I know, I'm a dork, but it's hard to make video about writing code.
There's nothing to look at and it takes a really long time, but I did make some progress.
 I now have little working examples of taking a photo with this webcam and emailing it to myself, reading and writing from a database, and putting little images on that screen on the Arduino, which is really cool.
Check this out.
So I'm literally drawing pictures with zeros and ones in here, and each one of these is gonna be an LED that is turned on or off.
And if you squint, or I take this out of focus, you can actually see the pictures in the text, which I think is really cool.
 And that's actually how I drew them.
I just squinted at the screen and then changed each number until it made a picture that I wanted.
But this is what it looks like on the board.
Now, I have a bunch of individual pieces of code that I have to put together and make them work together so that they do the whole thing that I need it to do.
But that's not interesting for you to watch.
We need to figure out how to take all the physical pieces of this and put them in something that we can actually use in the shop.
Now, those physical pieces aren't much, but they're kind of weird to put together.
 I've got these.
The first thing to deal with is the USB webcam.
Now, this is kind of a weird shape and we don't have to worry about anything except for being able to see the front.
But this gets plugged into a USB dongle.
Now this, you don't have to see at all, but it has to be plugged into the Arduino.
 And the Arduino has to be visible because you have to be able to see the little screen and you have to be able to get a tool to the RFID reader.
And these wires are kind of in the way.
I think the first thing to deal with is all of this wiring.
You can hook up webcams.
You can run web servers and databases.
 So here's the plan.
I want to take the RFID reader and hook it up to the UNOQ.
Then I can read an RFID sticker and look in the database that's on here to find the tool.
From there, I can see whether the tool is already checked in or if it's checked out.
If it's checked out, I just want to check it back in, no big deal.
But if it's in, I need to check it out and then use a webcam to take a photo of the person holding the tool and then send that photo to me through email so I know who took it and when.
So step one, let's get these talking to each other.
 I don't know, some transition.
Now there is a new development environment for working with this UNO Q.
It's called the App Lab.
It actually makes it possible to write both the Python for the Linux side and the Sketch for the Arduino side.
All right, I think I've got a rough draft here to be able to read the stickers at least.
If I hold them up against the reader, they should show up here on the screen.
 All right, there's one.
Excellent.
Sweet.
Step one, done.
So that's like the first little step done, which is great, but I've got several things that I don't know how to do.
I didn't mention this, but I don't know Python.
So I think I'm just gonna have to learn enough Python as I go, which I think is an okay way to do it.
 I only need to know how to read and write from a database and how to send an email and take a photo with a webcam automatically.
Oh, and there's one more thing.
This little thing right here is an LED matrix and we can use that as our visual feedback rather than having to have a big display or a monitor hooked up to it.
So I've got several tiny projects that I need to spend time writing so that we have all the pieces we need to put this whole thing together.
Cue the coding montage.
 But luckily, I think I can have them come off at 90 degrees.
That will at least point them out of the way a little bit.
Then I need to be able to almost touch this with a sticker, but I need to protect all of these electronics down here.
So I've got to figure out a way to cover this, but leave that open.
And then once I've got that, I can figure out a way to put the camera right on top of it and make the whole thing something that you could maybe stick on the wall.
To fusion!
 Now this test was mainly so I could make sure that the openings were going to be the right size and to try to get an idea of how close these things could be together.
I've got them too close right now, so I'm going to have to spread them apart and change the layout a little bit.
But actually, it also taught me something that I had not considered.
Not all of these tools are going to have a nice flat spot.
 that allows me to lay it up against this thing to be able to get the sticker in contact with the reader.
So I think I actually have to make the sticker stick out a little bit.
The reader is actually going to be behind this plastic.
I need to get the stickers as close as possible, but imagine the sticker was right here.
I can't actually get those two surfaces to touch or really, really close to touching.
 It's gonna be different for every tool, but I think I'm gonna have to 3D print a little standoff that comes off of the tool to hold the sticker out in free space so that it can get close enough to the reader.
This doesn't actually have anything to do with the reader layout, but it is something I have to consider for every one of the tools.
 So it's actually pretty inconvenient to try to use this as a display just because of where it's placed and how it's not on the front and just stuff.
So I've had to change my idea a little bit to not be symmetrical.
I also cut out a couple of big voids here just to make the prototype faster and just not to waste as much plastic.
 I mean, these look basically the same, they're the same shape, they're both microcontrollers, but the Uno Q has wireless connectivity, it's got an LED matrix, and a full onboard Linux computer.
This thing actually runs Debian Linux and has a microcontroller, and it's about 40 bucks.
 Now the reason this is interesting for my project today is that the Linux computer can do a lot.
You can hook up a mouse and keyboard and monitor to it so you can just run it as a computer.
You can run onboard AI models.
 Okay, so now I should be able to check my phone and see if I got an email from myself with a picture of myself.
And I did.
It totally worked.
 I mean, that's pretty awesome.
That definitely worked, which is really cool.
And it actually sends the email really quickly.
It deletes the photo on the Arduino so it doesn't have to like eat up space.
And now I've got a record of who took this tool.
Now we have to verify and make sure that we can check it back in, which should work pretty easily.
 Now, of course, this is a proof of concept.
I've still got lots of software bugs that I have to work out, and there's a huge opportunity to add to this.
We could do the web page like I was talking about, notifications, there's lots of other stuff we could add to make this a more complete system, not just for my shop, but for other shops too.
 As I'm filming this, the UNO Q is not even out yet, so we're getting software updates all the time.
It's improving.
But as soon as everybody else gets their hands on this thing, people are going to start making some really cool stuff.
It is so cool to have all the power of a Linux computer, and then you've got a simple microcontroller, plus you have a conduit, a bridge that allows them to share information and talk to each other in real time.
People are going to do awesome stuff with this.
 Now, if you want to find out more about the UNO Q, I'm going to put a link to it down in the description.
It's available for order now and it will be out very, very soon.
Honestly, it's a great piece of hardware, especially for how little it costs.
Absolutely huge thanks to Arduino for sponsoring this video.
I think that's so cool.
Thanks for being here.
I'll catch you on the next one.
 This is the Arduino Uno R3.
Wow, that's a lot.
 Earlier when you typed in cat, you got crap.
But now with the new model, the cat is smiling in HD.
But when your photos are not in HD, you can upscale them.
But what is Topaz doing inside of Photoshop?
Is this magic?
And now when you expand these photos, how is the quality that high?
And why is my bank balance so low?
Welcome to the age of credits with Photoshop 2026 and Beta.
Let's go through the top new features super fast and hope they don't come with a price tag.
 So, without any further ado, let's get started.
This year, the Photoshop logo is thick, which probably means you need to have thicker wallets.
Because right now, Photoshop has standard features and premium features.
Don't worry, standard features include almost everything in Photoshop and premium features are the ones that involve partner models, at least as of now.
 Standard features are accessible to all no matter what plan you're on, while premium features are only accessible to premium plans like Creative Cloud Pro or Firefly Plan.
Now that I'm done sounding like an unpaid salesman, let's start with what's new in the general release of Photoshop.
Nano, Banana and Flux are now in the main version of Photoshop.
So if we were to select any selection tool and let's say we want to remove these braces,
 So, just a simple selection right in the contextual taskbar.
Let's click on generate a fill, remove the braces.
Right here, you'll see the model selector.
Let us select Gemini 2.5 which is Nano Banana and click on generate.
This literally works like magic.
I genuinely have no words to say here.
Here's the before.
 And here's the after.
If you're not able to see the contextual taskbar, simply right click outside the canvas and click on Show Contextual Taskbar.
You can actually hide it the same way.
With the same rectangular marquee tool, I'm going to select this time a little extra because sometimes generations can move.
Click on Generator Fill and let's change her outfit to a sari.
She would look beautiful in that.
 and generate.
There you go.
It looks incredible.
And when Nano Banana doesn't work, you can also use Flux.
In this case, I can click on Generate a Fill, choose Flux instead and remove all reflections from the glasses.
And for this particular scenario, Flux does an incredible job.
Before,
 after.
Whatever matches the best, go with that.
 Similarly, let's take a look at another example.
Completely lighting not matching.
Here's the beach with sunlight.
Here's a very soft light.
Click on remove background and then click on harmonize.
Now, if you want to watch a complete video on harmonize, I made that way back when it was in Photoshop beta.
This is genius.
Let's have a look at the result.
Here is the before.
 Not matching at all.
And here is the after.
It created the sunlight in the exact same direction and even the shadows around it.
Now, although Harmonize is not a premium feature, it is a standard feature, but it costs five credits every time you hit the generate button.
Moving on to AI Denoise, you also have brand new models to denoise photos from Topaz.
So here is a very noisy photo.
Before doing anything, let's go to filter, convert for smart filters so that it's non-destructive.
Now let's go to filter, AI Denoise.
 This is by Topaz, as you can see, and click on denoise.
It's 2026 and unfortunately, the only models that I'm living with in my life are AI ones.
And lo and behold, it has done an amazing denoising.
Here is the before.
Here's the after.
 How amazing, isn't it?
It has denoised whole entire area and very purposefully left out all of the other areas.
If you didn't get the sarcasm, this is crap.
And you know what's crazier?
If I were to make a copy of the background layer by pressing Ctrl or Command J, let's take it at the very top and actually use Topaz like the real Topaz application.
Let's go to Filter, Convert for Smart Filters again.
 Filter, I already have Topaz Photo AI that I purchased earlier.
And let's look at the denoise of Topaz in Topaz versus Topaz in Photoshop.
Add Enhancement, Denoise.
And I'm not going to do anything, any changes and have a look at this particular denoise.
 night and day difference.
I don't even know what to say.
And this, my friend, is a premium feature on top of that and consumes 10 to 20 credits.
Moving on to the next feature, AI Sharpen.
I wish I had a day go by without using the word AI.
Click on object, that way the background is removed.
 Now, we want to place it or swap it.
It gives you the option for it.
In this case, I want to place this object and then simply click on Generate.
It should automatically match the color and the lighting and the shadows and everything.
And have a look at it.
This looks so darn good.
All of these results.
I think I should have taken care of this area.
Not a big deal.
We can select the mask, take the brush and with black as the foreground color, just erase this little area and this should be good to go.
 Now, I would do a couple of tries, but if you were to compare this with the original, the lighting here was entirely different.
Although it changes the face slightly, it places a very similar object that matches with the surrounding.
Similarly, you can swap things as well instead of placing something.
Here in this case, I want to swap this jar with a plant.
Click on Generate a Fill, click on the reference image, choose image.
Here we have a plant.
Select that, click on Open.
It automatically removes the background.
I want to swap it and click on Generate.
 And there you go, it swaps it for the plant.
And it looks pretty darn good.
Now anytime you use this Firefly model, keep in mind this is a standard feature and uses one credit every time you hit the generate button.
Last but not the least, here's my favorite feature.
A couple years ago, it was only a dream to remove stuff from complex backgrounds.
But right now with the brand new improved Remove tool, it has gotten even better.
 If you select the Remove tool, you'll notice at the top, if you turn on Generative AI, by the way, which doesn't use credits, you have a brand new model called the Remove Tool 3.
Let's select that.
And keep in mind, as of now, if you're using the Remove button inside of the Contextual Taskbar, so if I show you the Contextual Taskbar, and here if we make a selection around this person, if I click on Remove, it's going to use Model 2, not the third one.
 So for right now, if you want to use Model 3, select the Remove tool.
Now it's done.
And as you can see, Bloom is not really made for images like this.
It entirely changed the detail, although it did upscale.
Here's the before.
 Very less detail.
Here's the after.
Entirely different details.
Now, you know what Bloom is really great for?
Where it doesn't matter if the details stay exactly the same.
So here's an image that I created with Nana Banana.
As you can see, there is very less detail in the chain, in the Photoshop locket, people in the background.
I applied Topaz Bloom and this is what it generated.
 Here is the after.
Way more detailed, although it's not the same thing, but it maintained the essence.
Before, after.
Take a look at it.
Even in the locket, it changed the design, but it's way more detailed.
Before, after.
Let's take a look at the people in the background.
Before, after.
 But sometimes it can do some misses.
For example, the hand was more accurate before, although it's more sharper in the after, it's just weird.
Now, of course, all of this upscaling doesn't come free.
And the amount of credit it takes kinda is very complicated to calculate.
So here's the chart for your simplicity.
Keep in mind, the credit amount depends on the output resolution.
 not the resolution that you started with.
One of my favorite features in beta is now in the main version of Photoshop, and this works like magic.
First of all, here we have a room.
On top of that, we have a statue.
Not matching at all.
Let's click on Remove Background for that particular statue.
Automatically done.
And then Ctrl or Command D. Adjust it anywhere in the room.
I'm going to make it slightly smaller.
Place it right there.
Not matching yet.
And then click on
 Harmonize, brand new button inside of the main version of Photoshop 2026.
And it automatically does all the magic behind the scenes to perfectly match it to the room.
Here is the before, here's the after.
It's like it's in the room and it does give you three options.
First, second, third.
And then there isn't one place to look how much credit each feature is going to consume.
For example, this page does not have any information about how much Harmonize is going to use.
It has information about Generative Upscale.
It has information about AI Sharpen.
And even then, it says varies.
No clear information.
 Then I have to find out another page about Just Harmonize, stroll somewhere, and here it says it's a standard feature and it uses 5 credits.
You really have to find separate pages to figure out how much credits each feature is consuming accurately.
And finally, the credit system can change.
What you think you have today, you may not have tomorrow.
 they keep changing this page.
Let us take a look at this FAQ page.
If you scroll all the way down, you will notice that this page has been changed so many times.
Once in October, once in September, once in August, once in June.
It's like airline miles.
Doesn't matter if you have a gazillion miles, the airline decides what a gazillion miles mean.
And finally, I'm a bit upset that we don't have as much offline access.
For some features like upscaling, Topaz as a software showed that it can be done offline.
 Why not also give an offline option for all of these features so that it doesn't use credits.
Like Photoshop did an incredible work with on-device select subject.
Why not the same for upscaling and many other features.
I truly have to applaud the Photoshop team for the incredible things that they have done.
They have made Photoshop truly amazing.
 But the credit system, not too sure about that.
I hope you enjoyed this video and if you did, make sure to give us a like and also don't forget to subscribe and not just subscribe.
Ring the bell so that you, my friend, don't miss any other future tips, tricks or tutorials.
Thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in my next one.
Until then, stay tuned and make sure that you keep creating.
 It's not a bug, it's a feature.
Programmers often use that excuse to justify their garbage code, and sometimes it actually works.
Like in the original Sid Meier's Civilization game, Gandhi's aggression level was set to an unsigned integer of 1, making him a super chill pacifist.
But when another civ adopts diplomacy, it reduces aggression by 2.
1 minus 2 equals 255, or an unsigned integer underflow.
 which maxed out Gandhi's aggression and turned him into a diabolical thermonuclear enthusiast.
Civ players loved this bug so much that it became a feature.
That's the urban legend anyway.
But it's all fun and games until people start losing money and getting blown up in real life.
Real men test in production, and in today's video, we're going to take this carbon fiber submarine
 and travel down the software bug iceberg to look at 25 examples of bad code that changed the world, where the deeper we go, the more severe the consequences.
If you survive until the end, you'll understand why to-do-fix-it-later might be the last line of code you ever write.
Our journey begins in the year 2008, a time when people still used devices like iPods to listen to music.
Microsoft had its own crappy knockoff called Zune.
The device worked great until December 31st, New Year's Eve, when every Zune around the world froze and became a very stylish brick.
 The screen displayed a loading bar and would get stuck at 100% and then just stay there.
It could only be fixed manually by removing the battery.
This happened because it wasn't programmed to account for the extra day in a leap year.
When reaching the 366th day of a leap year, the software attempted to reset, but a logic error in handling the day count
 meant the device could not exit the loop, causing it to freeze permanently.
This code could be easily fixed by simply breaking out of the loop when the number of days reached 367.
But not all bugs are that easy to fix, like the infamous Pentium FDIV bug of 94.
Occasionally, when a program did floating point division on a Pentium chip, it would return an incorrect value.
It only happened in about 1 in 9 billion division operations, but was discovered by a professor at Lynchburg College while doing computational numbers
 theory.
Originally he thought it was his own bug, but after extensive testing he reported it to Intel.
That was a big mistake made by low-level systems engineers, but front-end developers screwed things up.
 too, like the 2020 Citibank bad UI disaster.
Citibank was intending to make an interest payment of $8 million, however due to a poorly designed UI, they accidentally transferred the full loan amount of approximately $900 million.
The software had a confusing three screen process for payments, and the interface made it appear as though checking certain boxes would ensure only interest was paid, but in reality it did the opposite.
Now after Citibank accidentally paid back this money, they asked the lenders if they could have it back, and they were like nah bro.
 So Citibank took them to court, but the court ruled in favor of the lenders and let them keep the $900 million that Citibank accidentally transferred due to the bad UI.
That's pretty bad, but this tier wouldn't be complete if we didn't talk about the Y2K bug.
In the early days of programming, no one thought the world would still be around by the year 2000, so they typically used only two digits to represent years.
As the year 2000 approached, people realized this.
 and began to panic that computers would interpret 00 as the year 1900 instead of 2000.
What's funny about Y2K is that this issue never caused any widespread disasters, but the media hysteria around it led to billions of dollars being spent in preparation for the end of the world.
But now it's time to ratchet up the pressure in Tier 4, which includes critical bugs that caused widespread damage around the world.
 like the night capital MoneyBurn Speedrun.
This company used algorithms to perform trades in the stock market.
However, the developers accidentally used a variable name linked to an outdated testing algorithm called PowerPeg, which had been inactive since 2003.
This algorithm was designed to manipulate virtual markets by buying high and selling low.
Now, if you don't know much about investing, usually you want to buy low and then sell high.
That's not financial advice though.
 When they pushed to prod, the algorithm went haywire and started flooding the New York Stock Exchange with incorrect trades.
4 million trades in just 45 minutes to be exact.
Night Capital lost $440 million in a single day and wiped out 75% of investors' equity.
 which was a vulnerability in OpenSSL, a library that's supposed to make internet communication secure, which was caused by a simple coding oversight, a missing bounds check in the implementation of the Transport Layer Security, or TSL, heartbeat extension.
Normally, when a client sends a heartbeat request, it includes a payload and expects the server to reply with the same payload.
However, due to improper
 input validation, an attacker could send a malicious heartbeat request that appeared legitimate, and this allowed attackers to repeatedly request memory contents from the server, potentially gaining access to highly confidential data without any way to be detected.
And that's unimaginably bad, because two-thirds of the internet's servers were vulnerable.
 Now, we already talked about Toyota's braking problem, but they also implemented an acceleration problem, where your car would magically speed up uncontrollably and try to kill you.
It led to 6,200 complaints, 52 injuries, and 89 deaths.
This one could have gone in Tier 5, but it was a multitude of issues that caused the problem, not just the software.
But the investigation revealed that a software bug in the electronic throttle control system was partly to blame.
 Apparently, the code had terrible error handling logic and lacked redundancy, and the code was structured in a way to allow multiple failure points, which could cascade through the entire system.
And that's not good when that software is in control of your throttle.
Toyota had to recall 9 million vehicles and pay $1.2 billion in fines and settlements.
 In the previous tier, Y2K was a bit disappointing, but just a few months ago, CrowdStrike gave us the Y2K we deserved.
As a cybersecurity company, they convinced companies to install this thing called the Falcon Sensor, which has kernel-level access to all their employees' machines.
Everything was going great, until one day, somebody pushed a bad configuration file called Channel File 291 to production.
This resulted in millions of Windows machines entering the blue screen of death.
Hospitals shut down, flights were canceled, and people nearly starved to death after the Arby's drive-thru went down.
 It was bad, but not as bad as the Northeastern blackout, which occurred on August 14, 2003, when nearly 50 million people in the United States and Canada lost power.
Most banking systems run on proprietary code that was written 50 years ago using ancient languages like COBOL.
Usually, when you deposit a check, it needs a few days to clear before you can withdraw those funds from an ATM.
But at JPMorgan Chase, some sort of glitch prevented this safeguard, and tons of viral videos hit TikTok of people withdrawing tens of thousands of dollars that they never had, by simply depositing a fake check and then withdrawing money right away.
 I'm no fan of the banking system, but unfortunately this also constitutes check fraud.
A few days later these people had bank accounts deep in the red, and are now being sued by the bank and may face criminal charges.
That brings us to the end of tier one, and things are going to get a lot crazier from here.
But if you like crazy programming stories, a website you'll want to check out is daily.dev, the sponsor of today's video.
If you're learning to code or learning a new language or framework, it's the one place you can curate all the latest news, tutorials, videos, and content filtered by the topics you're interested in.
 When you join a squad, it'll create a personalized news feed on that topic, but more importantly, connect you to a community of like-minded developers, where we can all suffer together.
And these aren't bots, but real people of all skill levels, who can help you build your network in the tech industry.
And did I mention, it's all entirely free, so check it out with my invite link at daily.dev slash fireship.
But now, it's time to dive below the surface into Tier 2.
 starting with the AT&T long distance crash of 1990.
Cell phones were hardly a thing back then, and if you wanted to communicate with someone outside of your village, you would have to pay for a long distance network.
After a software update, a single faulty line of code caused a network switch to crash and automatically reboot.
One failed switch is no big deal, but when it would reboot, it would cause neighboring switches to fail as well, resulting in a cascade of failures that took out the entire network.
The bug was a C program that included a break statement within an if clause within a switch clause.
 When a second message was received while the switch was still processing the first, the program dropped out of the if clause prematurely and overwrote crucial data, causing that switch to reset.
And this created a domino effect that blocked 50 million calls around the world.
 which meant that it looked like everything was normal to the operators.
But in reality, half the damn country didn't have power.
Luckily nobody died, but now our submarine is making a weird cracking noise as we get down to the bottom tier.
In 1994, a military helicopter of the Royal Air Force took off in Scotland in foggy conditions.
The aircraft has an automatic throttle control that takes inputs from sensors placed around the aircraft.
But in these challenging conditions, the system became overloaded and didn't know what to do.
 When things started getting weird, the pilots tried to regain manual control, but eventually lost total control, and 25 people died in the process.
The investigation found that the throttle control software was not adequately tested under these conditions.
But perhaps the most famous deadly software bug is the THRAC-25 radiation machine.
 This was a device used to treat cancer patients by providing a therapeutic dose of radiation.
Unfortunately, it was yet another device with inadequate error handling, and when it encountered a race condition, it wouldn't just break, but it would deliver the patient with a lethal dose of radiation.
And at least three patients died after receiving radiation doses 100 times higher than intended.
In addition to the race condition bug, the device also removed mechanical interlocks that provide a physical safeguard from things like this happening, and instead chose to rely entirely on software.
And that was a fatal mistake.
 But usually when software kills people, it has to do with the military-industrial complex.
In 1991, the United States was fighting the Gulf War in Iraq, and Saddam launched a Scud missile that should have been easily intercepted by the Patriot missile system.
Unfortunately, there was a bug in the system's clock and timing calculations.
It had a 24-bit timer that tracked time in tenths of seconds.
But after it was in operation for over 100 hours without a reset, the timer overflowed, causing it to report incorrect information about incoming threats.
 and that incoming Scud missile killed 28 American soldiers.
For that issue, you can blame a back-end developer, but the 1988 Aegis Combat System disaster was caused by a front-end developer.
One day, it accidentally shot down a civilian plane from Iran with 290 souls on board.
The investigation revealed that a lack of user-friendly information on the system's display was one of the key reasons that they misidentified the friendly plane as a threat.
There was a timing lag that led to misleading altitude data, which ultimately led to a tragic mistake.
 One of the biggest military contractors, though, is Boeing, and they make many of the jets we fly on, like the 737 MAX.
Thanks to programmers, these modern jets practically fly themselves, but maybe that's not a good thing.
These planes were updated with a thing called the Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation System, or MCAS.
 which would automatically push the nose down to prevent a stall.
There were two angle-of-attack sensors hooked up to the system, but it would initiate the nose-down sequence if only one of them provided weird data.
But that was a major oversight in the programming, because if one of the sensors provided faulty data, it would start pushing the nose down.
 And that's exactly what happened on two tragic flights, Lion Air flight 610 in 2018, and Ethiopian Airlines flight 302 in 2019, where 346 passengers and crew lost their lives.
Boeing's reputation was permanently bricked after all 737 MAX planes were grounded, and the fix was to simply make sure that both sensors were providing consistent data before pushing the nose down.
This final tier was tragic, but on the bright side, good code has saved a lot more lives than the lives lost by bad code.
 Writing entirely bug-free code is difficult, but remember there are two ways to write error-free programs.
Only the third one works.
 This is me on top of a speeding train, and this is me in a hot air balloon to answer some of the most debated science questions on the internet.
For example, my hot air balloon pilot here says he can land me anywhere I want, and yet there's nothing here that resembles a steering wheel, which begs the question, how do you actually steer these things?
So we steer.
And now I'm on top of the train to learn once and for all, why do you land in the same spot if you jump inside the train, but not if you jump on top of the train?
But I'm not stopping there.
 Because today, we're going to investigate five more physics and engineering puzzles using simple demonstrations as we go.
Because our goal by the end of this video is not for you just to know the right answers, but more importantly, for you to understand why they're the right answers.
To kick things off, I've got a science riddle for you that most people get wrong.
What is the first man-made object to break the sound barrier?
In other words, an object that travels more than 767 miles per hour through the air, exceeding the speed of sound, thereby creating a super loud sonic boom.
 So what do you think?
Most people I ask say either a bullet or a rocket or even a jet plane.
But this set goes way back, like 5,000 years way back.
Because the first man-made object to break the speed of sound is a whip.
The sound you just heard was literally a sonic boom.
Which means at the peak of its motion, the tip of the whip is moving faster
 than 767 miles per hour.
Okay, so if you got that right, time for a bonus question.
What's almost surely the first time you yourself heard a sonic boom?
Here's your clue.
It's a near statistical certainty that everyone has the same answer for this going back millions of years.
That's right, thunder.
 Basically, the lightning super heats the air five times hotter than the surface of the sun and this causes the air to expand so rapidly it breaks the sound barrier once again creating a sonic boom.
And if that juicy nugget of knowledge just made your brain feel really good, ow!
Ready?
Here we go.
 Now because this test was in water, you intuitively sort of had a sense the top guy would fall off and the bottom guy would be fine, right?
Well, yeah, because the top guy would have to travel through all that still water and that would push back on him.
Whereas inside the train car, he's enclosed so everything in that car, including the water, is moving along with the train.
So why would I show you this Lego guy standing on a model train in water?
Because it's fundamentally no different than me standing on a real train in air!
 Because just like water, air is also a fluid, it's just not as dense as water.
You can sort of see how it moves like a fluid here in this demonstration showing hot air coming from a blow dryer.
So when a train moves through the air, it's moving through a fluid.
To visualize this, let's replace me with a pair of helium balloons.
Once again, what do you think will happen here?
Well of course, the balloon inside is totally upright because just like in water, the air around that balloon is traveling with the train.
Whereas on top, the balloon is being pushed back because it has to fight its way through all this stationary
 air, just like the Lego guy on top being pushed back by all the water around the train in the tank.
It's sort of like when you stick your hand out the car window and feel all that resistance from the wind.
So going back to the jump, if you were able to visualize all the air molecules like this, you'd see how once we start moving inside the train when I jump, I get no pushback from all my air molecule neighbors because they're pretty chill and we're all traveling together.
 But on top of the train, it's a whole different story.
I'm continuously bonking into a mad rush of trillions of air molecules every second as I whiz by.
So if I jump now, it makes total sense why they would push me back and I would land in a whole different spot.
For number six, here's an interesting thought experiment.
Let's say you just bought a small two-seater airplane and you know the plane has to be traveling at 60 miles per hour on a still day to take off.
So one day, you have the brilliant idea.
Why not just create a much shorter runway using a plane-sized treadmill
 that can ramp up to 60 miles per hour, sending it into the air from your own backyard.
So this obviously works with household liquids, but what if the liquid was metal like this?
Because this bowl has 24 pounds of mercury.
 It's hard to even submerge my hand in here.
Which means if I take an actual cast iron anvil, it should float like a Diet Coke.
Let's test it out.
 Look at that.
I mean, I understand the science behind this, but it still breaks your brain.
This is actual cast iron.
It's heavy, and yet when you put it in mercury, it bobs like a cork.
Let's go bobbing for anvils.
For number three, a while back, I read about a famous mathematician for the 1600s who noticed that when he would hang up multiple pendulum clocks in his house, they'd eventually sync up their swings, and then they'd just stay that way.
 So he wondered, just like I did when I first read this, how are these purely mechanical clocks that weren't touching somehow communicating with each other and after a period of time agreeing to swing in perfect unison?
And since the unofficial motto of Crunch Labs is think like an engineer, I decided to create an experiment to test this for myself.
So we got four clocks and put them on the wall.
And after four days...
 Nothing happened.
But when you're thinking like an engineer, you know that's not a failure, that's a clue.
So I re-read the story and picked up on an important detail I'd missed the first time.
The clocks weren't mounted on a wall in the way we think of today.
It said they were mounted on the same wooden beam that made up part of the wall.
And given the construction methods of the 1600s, there's a good chance that board had a little wiggle to it.
 And that wiggle is a very important detail.
Here's what I mean.
If I swing this sledgehammer pendulum below me while standing on firm ground, then it's just the sledgehammer pendulum that you see moving.
But if I stand on a skateboard where I don't have firm footing, now you can see the pendulum is in fact pushing back and moving me too.
Now here's the wild part.
 But because the clock is securely attached to the beam, that beam acts just a tiny bit like the skateboard.
And this simple demo will give us the right mental model.
And if the moon was perfectly spherical in balance, it would spin like this, and one side wouldn't be more likely to line up with Earth than the other.
But the moon's not perfectly spherical.
 Over time, that constant pull of Earth's gravity has caused it to be sort of slightly oblong, which we've sort of exaggerated a little bit here.
But now you'll see, since the center of gravity of our moon doesn't exactly line up with the axis by which it rotates, like it was here, now, no matter how I spin it, it always happens to be that the heavy side of the moon always face the strongest source of gravity, which just so happens to be the center of the Earth.
Well, guess what?
 Out in space, the actual moon's nearest source of gravity is still the center of the Earth, which means that the real moon will always have the same side pulled towards us, just like with our model.
And that means every living thing on this planet that has ever looked up at the moon has always seen that same familiar face.
And that will never change.
 Now before we get to the last three, including answering how hot air balloons steer, if you're like me and you love the feeling of that aha moment when you learn something new, then I got great news for you because packaging up that moment is why I created Crunch Labs.
 where you get a super fun toy every month in the mail that comes with a video where I teach you all the really cool physics that make it work.
So if you want to have a ton of fun building your own toys while experiencing a bunch of those lovely aha moments at the same time, just visit CrunchLabs.com to learn more.
 And now I'm on top of a train to learn, once and for all, why do you land in the same spot if you jump inside the train, but not if you jump on top of the train?
We'll get to the jump in a second.
But first, let's see if we can glean any clues from this small-scale test with two LEGO guys, one inside and one on top of the train.
But they're in water.
Now, in a moment, I'm going to pull on this string, which will move the train car forward.
But would that actually work?
Well, let's run the experiment together with a small-scale model.
Now, the way a plane typically takes off is it needs to reach a certain speed, which, of course, then requires a certain length of runway.
So let's see what it is for this model airplane.
Looks like it's 10 miles an hour after traveling 15 feet.
Now, here we've got our own version of our backyard treadmill runway that will ramp up to our 10 miles per hour takeoff speed.
 So let's see what happens.
Make your prediction now if you haven't already.
As we start the treadmill, we're gonna spin the propeller more and more to keep it in the same spot so it stays in the camera frame.
Okay, so we're at takeoff speed and sadly, we're not taking off.
And at this point, we were suspicious maybe we measured something wrong.
So we cranked it up way more and still nothing.
 So does that mean our backyard treadmill idea is a bust?
Let's talk about what needs to happen for a plane to take off.
Because planes need air flowing around their wings to create lift.
Once again, it's sort of like sticking your hand out the car window.
You don't feel any lift, the stop, the red light, but the faster you go and the more air that flows by your hand, the more lift you feel.
 Which means, no matter how fast our treadmill goes, there's still no air moving over the wings.
We're stopped at a red light.
And I think part of the confusion many people have with this experiment is they're comparing it to the vehicle they know best, which is a car.
Because for a car, the ground is what gives you forward motion.
But for a plane, it's the propeller that gives you forward motion.
Here's a thought experiment to demonstrate that.
Imagine you have a car and a plane on the most slippery ice ever invented.
Because the car's engine uses the ground to get forward motion through the
 tires, no matter how fast you spin those tires, the car will not move an inch.
The plane, however, is totally unaffected by the ice because the plane's wheels aren't powered at all.
So in some ways he's less of a magically steering pilot and he's more of a weatherman.
Which means the only real magic here is all the juicy knowledge I just wirelessly transferred through that screen from my brain into yours.
 This is Timmy, and he is a piano prodigy.
He loves to practice, and his parents don't have to nag him to practice either.
I love it.
Do your thing, Timmy.
But this is Katie, and she lost all interest in piano after Hot Cross Buns, which means practice is a battle and a chore she doesn't want to do.
 And let's face it, mom doesn't exactly want to hear either.
Well, I got great news for you, Katie and mom, because for the cost of one month of begrudging piano lessons and reactions like this, you can get an entire year of Crunch Slap's build box with reactions like this.
 And when the stoke level is this high, you're learning so much cool stuff, even without realizing you're learning so much cool stuff.
Because each month when the new toy arrives on your porch, and then you put it together alongside me, you're learning all the cool engineering principles that make it work.
And this secret sauce of hiding the vegetables is the reason we've shipped millions of these boxes to converted parents around the world, saying this has totally unlocked a new level of resilience, curiosity,
 passion in their kids.
And there's even two options.
You've got Build Box, where I teach them the basics through building a super fun toy for kids up to 12 years old.
And then there's Hack Pack, where we learn some coding with an awesome build-it-yourself robot for your teens, or heck, even for you.
Half of these things get shipped to adults.
So if you want to go from being the household nagger to the household legend, watching a young mind discover a passion they didn't even know they had,
 Go to crunchlabs.com or use the link in the video description where we're currently giving away either one or two boxes free as an early spring special.
Thanks for watching.
 You always on my mind
 Hi everyone, what's up and welcome back on my channel.
My name is Lara and I'm your expert for fitness, sports and dance.
And today I'm going to teach you my brand new combo to Castle by Yuzhe and Alepham.
I've used the very cool electronic beats and rhythms to create some new footwork steps and very powerful and cool hip-hop movements for you today.
 But don't worry, you don't have to be an advanced dancer, because for the more difficult footwork steps I will give you an easier variation, so everyone is welcome to dance with me today!
Let me know in the comments down below if you appreciate these dance tutorials to brand new chart music and when you've done that, let's start the dance party!
 Okay guys, I hope you're ready to learn the first steps with me.
I try to mirror all movements for you, so I hope you can easily follow.
So open your feet more than shoulder wide.
We start with a little introduction and we start first with the hip movements.
So you have slow, slow, quick, quick, quick, slow.
So we start with the hip to the left, slow, then other direction.
 slow then two times double time hop hop come back to center and now you got a circle i start the circle over the right you can decide in which direction you want to do the circle it has to feel comfortable it has to feel good so choose your direction
 Okay, one more time from the very beginning.
Just try this for a few seconds.
 So walk to the right and just do right, left, right, left, right, left, right, left, boom, ka, bye.
Okay.
I hope you made it.
Last try.
Seven, the ball change.
Right, left, right, left, right, left.
Okay.
Try to combine these.
If this is too difficult or it feels strange for you, just skip the shoulders and concentrate on the ball change.
 Okay, if you want to add some freestyle with your arms totally up to you.
This is your dance so Make it your dance
 We start with the jump again on 1.
So we have 5, 6, 7, jump, 1, 2, and 3, and 4.
Got it?
Last one.
5, 6, 7, 8, and 1, 2, and 3, and 4.
Get down low.
Now we have a turn.
 So two things will help you to turn around.
So one thing is the arm, the left arm is swinging around, the left one, and we have the right leg, which is coming up, up, up, and then you bring the knee in.
And this movement, the bringing in the knee, will help us to spin around.
So we stopped here.
Now,
 Swipe with you with the left arm shoulder low bringing the right knee up and then bring the right knee together So in from here Contract in the core and this will make you turning around Okay
And then let's go.
I hope you made it.
Let's do it one more time.
Let's start with the introduction.
 Open your feet, shoulders wide.
Let's go.
Left, right.
Let's jump.
One, two, and three, and four, five, six, seven, eight.
I hope you made it.
Let's continue with the next step.
So we stopped with jumping back to center.
When you lost your balance and you just dropped to the right, then come back with the jump back to center.
 So now we have two kicks.
So start with the left, kick, kick, and then it's like a pas de bourre.
So we have one, two, pas de bourre.
 So it's a belly inspired movement, but we do it a little bit more groovier.
So with more relaxation in the arms and work into the floor.
So stay bent in your legs.
So we kick, kick and boom, boom, ka.
 Yes, again, we have 7, 8, 1, 2, 3, and 4.
So in ballet, we just stay upright, but with the last step, boom, bring your upper body to the front.
Again, we start with the kick, 7, 8, kick, kick, boom, boom, ka.
 Yes, just hinge a little bit forward.
Good work.
Also, when you kick, don't lose the groove.
So groove, groove, hop, hop, hop.
Let's turn on the music.
Let's go.
 Six, seven, jump.
One, two, and three, and four, five, six, seven.
Woo!
Jump.
Seven, eight.
Okay, one more time.
Come on, one more time.
Woo.
Don't give up.
Let's try it one more time.
Let's go, hips.
Circle.
Let's jump.
Shoulder.
 seven, eight, kick, kick, jump, tap, tap.
Yeah, good work.
So, we ended up here, side tap, side tap.
Now, we bring the right foot to the back on one, two, then we bring the right foot back,
 Three.
Now, have a look.
The toes are looking to the side.
Now the heel is coming out.
Boom.
The toes are following.
Boom.
Yes.
Okay, let's try this for a second.
We have out, in, out.
Seven, eight, and out, in, out.
Seven, eight, and out, in, out.
Okay.
Hope you made it.
So we stopped here.
Seven, eight.
 Now, you can step to the back, lean backwards, come back and then you have three and four.
If this is too easy for you and you need a little extra challenge, then have a look.
 So we stopped, seven, eight.
Now bring your weight onto the left heel so you can lift your toes.
With the introduction.
 ma-ma-ma-ma, ma-ma-ma-ma, circle, 6, 7, 8, 1, 2, 3 and 4, 5, 6, 7, let's jump, kick, 1, 2, 3 and 4, big arms, slant forward, 7, 8, 1, 2, 3 and 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 1,
 to circle and sit.
Yes, point to the left.
Gaze is going as well to the left.
Right knee becomes heavy and sit down deeply.
Just take a breath.
I'm already sweating in drip.
It's dripping in sweat.
I can't talk anymore.
OK, let's turn on the music.
Let's dance because I'm talking.
Let's go and hip, hip.
 six, seven, jump, one, two, and three, and four, turn, jump, kick, jump, side, one, two, three steps to the front, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
Yay!
Let's do it one more time because it's so much fun.
Come on, guys.
 Exaggerate the movements.
Don't forget to have fun.
Let's go.
It's an amazing song, full beat.
So here we go.
Hip.
Big circle.
Let's jump.
One, two, and three, and four.
Jump, big arms.
One, two.
One, two.
 That's it.
Freestyle.
Yeah.
 I hope you made it.
I hope you like the choreography.
If yes, give this video a thumbs up, subscribe to my channel so you won't miss any of my dance tutorials.
 When I first started my acting career, I had zero experience.
I mean, we all start with no experience, right?
Twelve years ago, I didn't know anything about acting.
In fact, at the time, I was still trying to pursue a career as a software developer.
But then I started taking the necessary steps that would eventually lead me to where I am today.
I've now worked on dozens of movies and television shows.
I've had the incredible opportunity to work with multiple Oscar-winning actors, multiple Emmy-winning actors, and some very well-respected directors.
 And I've been able to do all of that even though I had absolutely no experience when I first started.
So that's what I want to help you with today.
How can you do what I was able to do?
How can you become an actor with no experience?
Let's get started.
 What's up, my fellow actors?
Welcome to the Acting Career Center, here to help you learn the skills you need to break into the film and television industry.
My name is Kurt Yu.
Thank you so much for spending some time here with me today talking about your acting career.
I would love for this to be a conversation, so I'd like for you to answer a couple questions for me down in the comments.
The first question is, why do you want to be an actor?
 Why do you want to be an actor?
What is it that inspired you to become an actor?
Was it a movie that you saw?
Was it a television show?
Was it a play that you saw?
Or was it a particular performance by an actor that you were mesmerized by?
Who was the actor that inspired you?
Answer that question for me.
And in a separate comment, answer the second question.
 What are your acting goals?
What is it that you hope to achieve in your acting career?
And feel free to tell me as many goals as you want and think big in your wildest dreams.
What are your goals?
I'll tell you one of mine.
I have been in that position before.
I know exactly what it feels like to be a brand new actor who doesn't have an agent.
 doesn't have any credits, never did an audition before.
And I was able to start from there and then build my career step-by-step to where it is today.
I'm now a working actor with over 50 IMDb credits, including Netflix shows, Marvel movies, and Disney projects, and many, many more.
And I don't have any family members in the entertainment industry.
So there's no nepotism happening here.
 It's all about taking the right steps and putting yourself in the best position to succeed.
So I want to share with you the steps that I took.
I want to help you get to where I am and hopefully beyond.
Sound good?
Hey, if this is your first time here, make sure to subscribe to this channel to get more videos on acting, auditioning, and career advice from me every single week.
 And also don't forget to check out my website.
I have other free resources on there for actors as well, including my free 10 step audition preparation cheat sheet that'll help you nail your audition every single time.
If you want to download that free cheat sheet, you can do it by clicking that link right up there.
 So one of the questions I asked you earlier was, what are your acting goals?
And your answer to that question is actually going to determine whether or not you should continue watching this video.
Because look, if your acting goal is to make acting your hobby, if your acting goal is to just have a lot of fun with it and go make some fun movies with your friends, shooting it with your iPhone and put them on YouTube,
 That's great.
And if you want to do that, then you can go and do that right now.
You don't have to take any more steps to do that.
It's like me with tennis.
I really enjoy playing tennis and I like going and playing tennis with my friends and having fun doing it.
I have no desire of making tennis my career.
I have no desire of pursuing tennis professionally, right?
So I don't have to take any future steps.
Same thing with acting.
If you just want to do this as a hobby, then you can go and do that right now.
 In this career, the more people that you know, the more people that know you, the more chances that you will have to succeed and to move forward in this career because you're building a community when you go to acting classes.
I can't tell you how many times that a fellow student in an acting class
 emailed me and said, hey, I saw this audition that you fit and they sent it to me and they told me to submit to it.
And I've done this for other people too.
I've seen auditions that would fit a friend of mine and I would send it to them and tell them, hey, check this out, you should audition for this project.
And it's not just the students in the class, it's your teachers too.
I've gotten so many opportunities from my acting teachers.
 A bunch of my IMDb credits for movies came from projects that acting teachers or other students recommended that I auditioned for and that I eventually booked.
So this is the real power of a network and a network that you can build by going to acting class.
This is why I've continued to go to acting class for 12 years.
I've been taking acting class every single year my entire career because I know how much it benefits my career.
 And it's not just the stuff that I learned in class, improving my technique, improving my acting ability, which is extremely important, but it's also the network that I'm building, the community, the tribe, the acting tribe that you gain by going to class.
 After acting classes, the next step that every actor needs to take, especially if they want to start auditioning for anything, is to get a professional headshot.
Your headshot is your most important marketing tool as an actor.
It's the first thing that anybody in the industry sees of you, so it's extremely important to make a great first impression.
 This is another step that you just can't skip.
 anything beyond it being a hobby, then you do have to take some necessary steps.
The first step to starting an acting career is to take acting classes.
And there are plenty of acting classes that you can take.
Here's a list of some classes that I would recommend.
You can write these down if you want.
Technique classes, scene study classes, improv classes, on-camera classes, voice and movement, accents and dialects, weapons and combat,
 script analysis, and audition classes.
Now, there are plenty of others as well, but these are the ones that I would recommend any actor start with.
This is the very first step that every single actor must take, and it cannot be skipped.
You cannot skip taking acting classes.
You can't just get an agent and start auditioning for movies and television shows.
It doesn't work that way.
And it's not because you're not talented.
It's because you've got to give
 casting directors and agents and directors and producers a reason to trust you.
You got to show them that you're serious about this as your career.
I'll use an example here.
Let's say you were playing a sport and you broke your arm and you needed surgery and I came and told you, hey, I'll do the surgery for you.
I never went to medical school.
I never learned how to do a surgery, but I'll do it for you.
I'm confident that I'll do it.
 Are you going to trust me to perform surgery on your arm?
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Or would you trust someone who went to medical school?
That's the point here.
You got to give them a reason to put their trust in you to cast you in their project.
That is only one benefit of taking acting classes.
So I'll put links to all three of those separate videos down in the description below.
I will also put a link down there for another video that's called the cost of an acting career.
And in that video, I break down how much each of these things that we've just talked about will typically cost you.
So how much you should expect to pay for acting classes, for headshots, how much you should expect to pay an agent, all of these things.
 So that link will also be down in the description.
The last thing that I want to share with you today are a few words of inspiration and encouragement.
And those words come from you.
Those words come from the answers that you gave to my two questions earlier on in this video.
Why do you want to be an actor and what your goals are for this career?
 Lean on those answers anytime the going gets tough in this career because it will.
This is a really tough career to pursue and it's not for the faint of heart.
There's going to be a lot of heartbreak and that's why you really got to love it in order to do this.
You talk to any famous actor right now and they will tell you there have been times
 early on in their career where they thought about quitting.
Every single actor in this career thinks about quitting and we need to push through that.
We need to never give up.
And one way that you can make sure you don't give up is that anytime that you start feeling low and feeling down about this career,
 is always think back to why it is that you really want to become an actor and think about those goals that you have for yourself and keep pushing forward.
Alright, that's it for today's video.
If you liked it, please give it a thumbs up and if you have any questions, leave those down in the comments below.
If you haven't subscribed already, make sure to do that right now and until next time, keep practicing, keep learning and I hope to see you on set one day.
 How much money do you make in a year?
Probably like $5 maybe.
Yeah, sure.
Obviously, I can't say how much we do in revenue, but I can tell you, now we're probably spending $3 million on average on a main channel video.
Plus, obviously, you have millions of dollars a month in employees and overhead and all this other stuff.
