 This country banned killing animals.
In the whole country, you cannot kill a cow, a sheep, or a chicken.
This is Bhutan, a very Buddhist country that did something extraordinary.
 They said in the entire kingdom, we should have compassion for all living beings, including animals.
So there are no commercial slaughterhouses in Bhutan.
This doesn't mean everyone is vegetarian.
In fact, many Bhutanese people eat meat.
I eat meat.
I eat meat.
Yes, they eat meat.
 And some farmers do produce meat.
But the vast, vast majority of meat is imported from outside countries into Bhutan just to avoid killing animals in the country.
It is illegal to kill a cow in the country.
In Bhutan, it's totally safe to be an animal.
The best place in the world to be born as a cow or a chicken or a fish is Bhutan.
That's one minute!
 हम एक बहुत अच्छा बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत
 Here are three items I bought for my next international trip.
First, this hero clip.
I was so sick of not having a place to hang my backpack in some very questionable bathroom situations.
And as a solo traveler, you can't always just leave it with someone.
It's got a lot of movement, so you can position it how you need it, and it can hang on a lot of things.
So now my bags will not be resting on gross floors.
Next, a laundry bar.
I re-wear the same outfits over and over and over.
 And on my last trip I had some issues with laundry services either ruining my clothes or quite literally not cleaning them at all.
Like this is what happened when I washed my shirt after I got it back from laundry.
So I will be bringing this laundry bar along with my scrubba bag and will resume doing laundry myself for certain items.
And lastly, low top hiking shoes aka trail runners.
On my previous trips I always brought my high top ultra hikers because A, I absolutely love these shoes and B, they're the only hiking shoes I had.
 But after I wore them to the ground and it was time for a new pair, I decided to try out the low top version this time.
I can get a little more wear out of them since they don't look like full on hiking boots and I've already put over 50 miles on them and absolutely love them.
 Three things we learned about Scandinavian hotels that are kind of weird.
No conditioner.
We have shampoo.
We have shower gel.
My hair has been so staticky.
Number two is washcloths.
We haven't had a single washcloth in any of our hotels.
I just keep wondering, how do people wash their bodies in the shower?
Do they use their hand?
Or maybe these gigantic hand towels?
We may or may not have done that a time or two.
Last but not least, separate duvets.
When we first got here, we thought this was kind of weird, but it's really grown on us because you can still
 sleep next to each other, but if one person gets hot, you can't have your own space.
Where we come from, there's always one sheet, one blanket, but here, there's no sheet, and you get your own blanket.
That's kinda nice.
What would you prefer?
 Now, if you're coming to Ireland, the breakfast you need to have is a full Irish breakfast, you know, with the hash brown, the fried eggs, the sausage, which is fantastic, the bacon, the tomatoes, and mushrooms, and beans, and toasted tea.
It's amazing.
You want to have that when you're here.
 Everyone dreams of coming to Australia saying, oh, it's going to be so sunny.
No one talks about the winters.
It's truly one of the worst winters you'll experience.
The inside of your home is colder than the outside of your home because insulation just doesn't exist.
Yeah, have fun winding down at home in your thermals and your puffer jacket.
 So when it rains here, it really pisses down.
So public transport just malfunctions for fun.
And when you're walking around in the rain, you better not be walking between two buildings because that is a wind tunnel, aka a deathtrap for your umbrella.
I have lived in London during the winter and it was better than this.
 Things in countryside Japan that could send you into a coma.
The animals, because it's not all cute bowing deer.
Like, did I tell you guys, literally the first day I started working, this thing jumped out of my co-worker's bag.
Between the giant spiders, the venomous centipedes, and the murder hornets, it was hard to go outside sometimes.
And if it's not the bugs that get you, the ghosts will.
You do not truly understand Japanese horror stories until you're here.
 It's pretty common out here to be biking along down the streets when you come across a thousand year old shrine.
And not only that, but there's also a ton of abandoned towns out in the countryside.
So everything just feels kind of old and haunted.
And one thing nobody's surviving, the K trucks.
I kind of want one of these actually, but they're absolute menaces on the road.
 Stop taking your tank off like this.
Let me explain.
To do it the easiest way, pull out the waist.
And then stick your hand in, brother.
Then grab it with the other hand and let it fly away.
And now it doesn't get stuck.
 Easy but crazy.
5 push-ups.
10 squats.
5 burpees.
20 jumping jacks.
Take a break.
Rest for 1 minute.
If you feel enough, no rest needed.
Proceed to round 2.
5 to 10 rounds for the best result.
 You might think that this bowl full of spinach has enough fiber, but this cocoa powder contains 50% more.
And you might think that a kilo of watermelon has enough fiber, but just one pear has nearly two times more.
And you might also think that your salad has enough fiber, but just one tablespoon of flaxseeds have around three times more.
And you definitely think that a cup of quinoa has enough fiber,
 but this same cup of kidney beans has around 4 times more.
All of these foods are healthy and nutritious for you but some foods that feel high in fiber have much lesser fiber than other foods.
 The number one question everyone asks me as a food influencer is, how do I maintain my weight?
So here are all the workouts I do in a week.
Mondays, I mostly play badminton for an hour to start off light.
On Tuesday, I had a shoot.
So after that, I hit up a lower body workout class, which was super intense.
The next day, I had back-to-back shoots, which got me so tired that I booked a light yoga class, followed by meditation to ground myself.
My badminton shoes finally arrived, so I booked a midnight baddie class to test them out.
I took a break on Friday, and then again on Saturday, I went for another baddie sesh.
 stronger and then you'll progress.
Let's go, lean forward, lean forward, lean forward, lean forward.
 When you were younger, you practically jumped out of bed.
Now it feels like you need a warm-up just to make it to the bathroom.
But it doesn't have to be that way.
Here's the truth.
Your body isn't broken.
It's just been neglected.
Modern life has tricked you into sitting too much, moving too little and forgetting how much motion matters.
Meanwhile, your joints, fascia and nervous system are begging for movement.
But all they get is a couch, a screen and processed food.
 Chances are you've already tried hitting the gym or starting a workout routine only to lose interest or motivation after a while.
But here's the good news.
You don't need to do much right away.
You just need to begin.
A few minutes of mobility while brushing your teeth.
One set of push-ups in the morning.
 or parking a little further away from home and walking the rest.
Every step counts, no matter how small.
If you're ready to take it further than that, check out our beginner-friendly workout programs at callymove.com.
 This is how I would invest $10,000 if I were starting all over again.
First, I'd invest $5,000 into an S&P 500 ETF like VOO or SPY.
This is going to be the foundation of your portfolio and it's up 83% in the past five years.
Second, I'm adding another $3,000 into QQQ.
That's the ETF that gives you exposure to the software and tech companies.
And in the past five years, it's up 135%.
 Third, I'm gonna add $2,000 into a high yield savings account and that way I always have some cash on hand in case there are any opportunities to buy up any dips.
Let me know if you have any questions.
 Do you have any financial life goals?
I want to be a billionaire by 30.
How do you think you're going to accomplish that?
So, okay, here's the goal.
I'm going into quant finance.
I'm going to try and break into investment banking, but on the quant side.
I'm going to work in it for two years, get out of the industry, start my own sustainable private equity firm.
Then I'm going to rack up a lot of money and then start my own offshore sustainable wind farm off the coast of North Carolina.
And then hopefully that'll make me a lot of money.
Wow.
Very ambitious.
Thank you.
How much money do you have now?
 I would watch YouTube videos, and then I found a channel, his name was Rob Dom, and he made a video about what he did for a living to afford a Lamborghini Diablo.
And I found that video so inspirational.
Late 2016, I made my first video about just how I got started in real estate, and I kept posting.
And I realized if I post once a week, the videos do X amount of views.
If I post twice a week, I'm all of a sudden now gaining subscribers and getting more views.
 A lot of people in real estate were telling me I'm wasting my time on YouTube.
Of course.
Because it's like, okay, sure, you're making $100 a day.
But imagine if you applied that time to real estate.
And it got to a point where it started impacting my real estate work, because in real estate, I was just thinking YouTube.
Sure.
That's all I wanted to do.
When COVID hit was the moment that I thought, now is a good time to try this full time.
I think 2019, I made a million dollars on YouTube.
Then you decide, I'm going all in.
 Whenever I charter a jet for a flight, I always ask the stewardess what the owner of the jet does for a living.
And let me tell you something.
They never say, oh, he started a fashion brand or he started a coffee shop.
They tell me they have boring businesses and things like waste management or that they started a software company that helps mortgage brokers.
So let's really break this down.
The owner of the $30 million jet, the one that I have to charter for $50,000 a flight is I can't afford to buy it myself.
 Made in Germany might be a thing of the past.
Germany got rich by using cheap oil to power their industries.
But with fossil fuel prices rising, they are in deep trouble.
And while some believe this is temporary, Germany is not the sick man.
Germany is a tired man.
 the trend seems to be advanced manufacturing moving away from Germany.
The massive advantage of being German-made is that they can charge more for advanced machinery, so paying workers more doesn't necessarily impact the price.
That and the stereotype of German engineering have been keeping their manufacturing sector afloat.
 But now China has started building their own manufacturing centers and are making a lot of high-end goods for a cheaper price.
Yes, they still make a lot of crap, but China is already by far the leading manufacturer of electric vehicles, producing more than half of all the EVs made in the world, and three times as many as Germany.
China is really hitting Germany where it hurts, in cars, machinery, and electrical engineering.
 The simplest path to making money.
One, find a service people already buy.
Two, do it in half the time, make it twice as easy, or remove all the risk.
Three, ask everyone you know if they know anybody who wants it.
Four, charge more than everyone else.
 If you don't have confidence, build evidence.
If you don't have evidence, build skill.
If you don't have skill, build discipline.
If you don't have discipline, build accountability.
 If you're the alpha, you don't have to announce you're the alpha.
You just show up as the alpha.
And the alpha, by the way, in every tribe, from animals to humans, is usually the person who's most quiet.
He's observing.
He's looking to protect.
He's looking to serve.
 The bottom line is, no one's coming.
No one.
No one's coming to push you.
No one's coming to tell you to turn the TV off.
No one's coming to tell you to get out the door and exercise.
Nobody's coming to tell you to apply for that job that you've always dreamt about.
Nobody's coming to write the business plan for you.
It's up to you.
 Motivation is a feeling that comes and goes and it doesn't matter whether it's there or not.
Discipline is infinitely more important.
So no matter how you feel, get up and do what you're supposed to do.
That's it.
And that's discipline.
It's not motivation.
If you only did what you were supposed to do when you were motivated to do it, that's leaving it to chance.
But if you're disciplined, you go do what you're supposed to do.
 The distance between your dreams and your reality right now is discipline.
 When you're 18 years old, you care about what everybody is thinking about you.
When you're 40 years old, you don't care what anybody is thinking about you.
And when you're 60 years old, you realize that nobody was thinking about you at all.
See, the truth is people spend their days worrying and thinking about themselves.
So if you're basing your life around what other people think about you, quit it.
 You like to talk about the grind, but you don't really know what the grind's like.
I know what the grind is like.
I was homeless.
I ate out of trash cans.
Now, go on the internet right now.
I'm one of the number one speakers in the world.
People say, why you grind so hard, E?
I might not be the number one motivational speaker in the world five years from now.
I got to get everything I can get right now, every book I can write.
Listen to me, my school is being paid for by the athletic department.
I'm hot right now.
 You gotta outgrind.
 I'm a psychologist and here's a rule that I live by.
When there's a disconnect between someone's actions and their words, so when they promise one thing but repeatedly do another, if their words and actions don't align and you don't know what to believe, believe in the behavior.
 When you lose your health, you lose something.
When you lose your character, you lose everything.
 OK, so hello, everyone.
I'm Sam, and I just turned 17.
A few years ago, before my freshman year in high school, I wanted to play snare drum in the Foxborough High School marching band.
However, and it was a dream that I just had to accomplish, but each snare drum and harness weighed about 40 pounds each.
And I have a disease called progeria.
So just to give you an idea, I weigh about only 50 pounds.
 So, logistically, I really couldn't carry a regular-sized snare drum.
And because of this, the band director assigned me to play pit percussion during the halftime show.
 I think, why would you tell someone 20 that?
It's like, you should feel good about who you are.
It's like, no you shouldn't.
Why should you feel good about who you are?
It's like, you should feel good about who you could be.
 This is how you open a $100,000 car door.
Pretty simple.
$1,000,000.
Ooh, not too hard.
I don't know how to open it.
I don't think it's down here.
If you don't open it from the inside, I'm not sure how to.
So, there is no door handle anywhere.
I'm not sure how to open this door, and it's too expensive for me to touch it.
 Today we're playing game pigeon paintball in real life.
This is round one.
Yes.
How?
You always pick correctly.
Round two.
Round three.
Dang it.
Round four.
Oh, shoot.
Ow, you stupid.
You shot me in the neck.
That was an accident.
Round five.
No.
It's tied.
Round six.
 Yes!
Whoa!
Dang it, you win!
 My money don't jiggle jiggle, it folds.
I like to see you wiggle wiggle.
Okay, I can't do this.
My hair is itchy.
 The other day, I went to bed early, but when I woke up, I was on the couch.
Whatever, I guess it doesn't matter.
The next day, I locked the door to make sure nobody could come in.
I went to sleep and woke up in the middle of the pool?
How is this possible?
Tonight, I am going to make sure I don't go anywhere.
I tied myself tight to the bed, but when I woke up, I was on the roof?
Why is this happening?
So that night, I put a dummy in my bed to simulate I was sleeping there and waited for the culprit to come.
 And eventually, I saw them.
I ran as fast as I could and took off the mask.
What?
You won't believe who it was.
 crystal ball challenge.
Here we go.
I'm not going to dribble this time.
I'm learning.
 Now, tell me who you are.
We are the Mistress.
Good luck.
Hope it goes well.
Thank you.
Spy on me, baby, you satellite.
Infrared streaming through the night.
 I'm gonna like the way you fire.
Come on girls To wash away my lonely blues.
No, I can't see now You're there only when I make me fly
 Now, tell me who you are.
We are the Mistress.
Good luck.
Hope it goes well.
Thank you.
Spy on me, baby, you satellite.
Infrared streaming through the night.
 I'm gonna like the way you fire.
Come on girls To wash away my lonely blues.
No, I can't see now You're there only when I make me fly
 What are you planning to do to Howie tonight?
He doesn't speak.
He doesn't speak?
No.
He does not.
Okay.
Good luck.
 Watch this magician risk it all with a jaw-dropping stunt.
 I'm a nosy American.
Why are they filming me?
Oh, um...
It's him.
It's all him.
So, we're both porn stars.
Oh, okay.
 I'll kick this episode off by installing the middle stretcher.
I glued, clamped, and screwed the parts together.
The part was fitted into place and secured with screws.
This piece of wood was added to strengthen the structure and provided a surface to attach the top.
A vise will be attached to the workbench so this section needs to be reinforced.
 I found it easier to flip the workbench upside down and attach the vice.
This way I'm not fighting with gravity.
 Today, I'm going to show you how to make this poster design using Canva.
After opening a new Canva project, go to Elements and type Splatter.
Go to Graphics.
Let's choose this one.
Increase the size like this.
Duplicate.
Make another one.
Let's rotate a little bit.
 go to elements again and type curve brush choose this one and change the color to white color increase the size let's place it in the middle and go to text and type your text
 Change the font.
Let's use this font, Hal Dilson 6.
Increase a little bit the size and go to effects.
Scroll down to curve and make it 80.
Let's increase a little bit the size and download this image.
 select all these elements and delete and upload the new image and drag the image that you are going to use as a background so we have two images here with the same resolution go to apps and type blend image choose this app
 click in this image first and use it in top layer click use selected image click in the image that we are going to use as a background and use it in bottom layer go to blend mode and scroll down to screen and click add to design and here is the final results
 I hope you like this tutorial.
Subscribe to the channel to learn more about conf.
 These are five AI tools that I use pretty much every day.
Firstly, we have Claude by Anthropic.
I use Claude for most things rather than ChatGPT these days, because it's just way better.
And it's also got really nice language features where you can directly talk to the app.
Next up is VoicePal, which is an app that my team and I actually built.
And I use VoicePal every day for writing.
So instead of typing stuff out on the computer, instead I speak it into VoicePal.
VoicePal asks me sensible follow-up questions based on what I've said.
And then with a single click, I can export it as a first draft of my writing.
And because of this, I get way more writing done, it's way more fun, and I can walk around while doing my writing.
 Thirdly, there is an app called Grain, which I use to record all of my Zoom calls.
This is super helpful because it transcribes all the Zoom calls, it figures out action points, figures out takeaways, and if I'm speaking to a friend or a coach or a team member and we come up with some cool ideas, we can take the transcript of that call from Grain, we can put it into Claude, and we can use that to generate ideas for writing.
Fourth on the list is Gamma AI, and that is a cool app that helps you generate slides using AI.
This is good for like proposals and pitch decks and stuff.
 And then finally, the AI augmented app that I used to listen to my podcasts is called Snipped.
And Snipped is really cool because it generates transcripts for every single podcast that you might listen to.
And if you hear something that you find interesting, you can create a Snip and then the AI will figure out what was the thing that was just being said, and we'll turn that into like a takeaway or a highlight that you can then save.
And this makes it way easier to remember the stuff that you listen to in podcasts.
 Take an empty plastic bottle.
Cover it with your hair.
Fix with a rubber band.
Put a fluffy garland around the bottle to make it look like a Christmas tree.
Add LED lights.
Add some Christmas decorations.
 and a red bow or a star on the top.
Voila!
You're ready to party!
 All I can say is Adobe is on fire!
After the announcement of Generator Fill in Photoshop Beta, they've now launched the power of Adobe Firefly in Adobe Express with a bunch of other features including an all-in-one editor so you can edit your photos, remove backgrounds with a single click, edit your videos and it's all packed with ready-to-use templates.
 And this AI tool is so powerful, you can generate any image from just text.
And with a single prompt, you can now stylize text effects from a specific theme or style just like this.
 Use whatever you're feeling, whatever you're thinking, whatever other people are saying, anything from the environment, in a creative way, use it to embrace, exaggerate, laugh.
If someone's like, oh, you suck, I hate your feet.
My mom does too, I know, right?
Just things like that.
It's a great way to also, in a flow of a conversation, play along with things.
It's also what comedians use.
Anytime you see a heckler at a comedy show, it's always embrace, exaggerate, laugh.
 They never go against it.
They're like, shut up, shut up, heckler, shut up.
You'll never see that.
There was like, what did he say?
And then play along with it.
Embrace, then they exaggerate it, play into it and everyone laughs.
 Here are the four ingredients of viral videos, which I call the perfect video recipe.
One, the big idea.
This includes coming up with a strong topic and having a great title and thumbnail.
Two, the hook.
The first 15 to 30 seconds of your video is incredibly important, so take some time to craft it.
Three, the content.
Be brief, be bright, be fun, and be done.
And then four, the transition.
 Every human being has minimum two masks on.
One is how they are with their family and one how they are with just themselves.
Anyone who has more than two, stay away from them.
 One of the smartest things I heard from a guy who practices Buddhism is, my life used to be nothing but chopping wood and carrying water.
And now that I have received some enlightenment, I find that all that is necessary for me to live is to chop wood and carry water.
 I don't actually know if Christian Bale did say this, but the quote is, if you have a problem with me, text me.
And if you don't have my number, you don't know me well enough to have a problem with me.
 One of the best things that you can do to someone who is broken is to sit down and listen to their suffering without judgment, but with compassion.
 If your happiness depends on the actions of others, you're at mercy of things that you can't control.
And that's never where I want to be.
So I always want to live in, like, me and my therapist talk about, like, my higher goddess, my higher self.
Like, I always want to live there knowing that when I'm there, you can't take that away from me.
 I've listened to more than 500 podcasts in the last two years, and these are my 12 favorite podcasts that have changed my life and helped me grow my business.
We've got The Tim Ferriss Show, Deviate with Rolf Potts, Bookworm, The Knowledge Project, My First Million, Huberman Lab, Noah Kagan Presents, Indie Hackers, Diary of a CEO, Dare to Lead with Brené Brown, Smart Passive Income, and Online Marketing Made Easy with Amy Porterfield.
 Can I help you?
Uh, yes, thank you.
I'm gonna get that one.
Begonia.
Nice choice.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
It is pretty.
Yeah.
Don't let any pets eat the leaves.
They can be slightly toxic.
Pretty and slightly toxic.
 What is it with me and roommates?
I didn't realize you roomed with all of my exes.
 Do you want a coffee?
Oh, yes please.
How do you take it?
White with one sugar, please.
Here you go.
Careful, it's hot.
Oh, I think the milk is off.
 This is something that I've actually relied on a little bit myself.
Whenever I get to a low point where I think, why do I even bother?
 So you just look at their faces and be like, no.
No!
What?
Let me introduce myself first.
No!
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah, wait.
Okay.
Introduce yourself.
I am Kelsey.
I am 25.
All right.
I'm hot.
Can you, like, fan me?
On you?
Yeah, I'm hot.
Yeah.
All the way around?
Yeah, all the way around, all the way around.
Like this?
Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, what?
 Yeah, just like that.
Version on!
I was waiting until you were gonna do that.
No.
 Oh, here we go!
Here we go!
Ah, no!
No!
Ah, bruh.
 Bismillah Allah Akbar.
It's not on.
9-1-1 what's your emergency?
I can't breathe!
Fist ensuring that your thumb is on the outside of your fingers.
If it is on the inside, it can break your thumb during impact.
Do this with both hands.
You now want to place your fist halfway between your chest and your hip.
Once you're at this point, move them slowly from side to side and eventually the momentum will end up with you.
Back your talent!
Wait, it's not starting.
 Can I touch you touch?
Yes, you can touch
 Come on, carry.
Carry, carry on.
Come on, bro.
Keep your head up.
Hey, hey, hey.
Keep your head down.
Yeah.
Strike low, laces, part of the ball, like that.
Okay?
 Come here, come here, come here.
Shoot it low, keep it low.
Shoot it from this point.
You just say the same shit I say and say the same shit to you.
Yeah, but you drink the same shit that I did.
 Should we just kill the first people to come in and vent off?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'll wait by the door and I'll let you know who comes in.
Lachie and Vic, come on in.
Kill them, kill them, kill them, kill them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, vent out, vent out, vent out.
Go, go, go, go, go.
No way.
 Oh, sad.
Let's clean this guy up.
Let's clean this guy up.
Oh, God.
We got to kill Hixxy.
We got to kill Hixxy.
We got to kill Hixxy.
Oh, my God, it got cleaned up.
No way.
That's crazy.
 Just look at this flock of birds.
It's so majestic, but how do they all fly together in unison like that?
It's not magic, it's an algorithm built into nature, and we can easily reproduce it in computers by programming three simple rules.
Imagine we work for the government's top secret bird program, but currently the birds fly around randomly.
 So our algorithm needs a rule for separation that tells the bird not to run into its flock mates.
Still too random, so now let's write a rule for alignment that tells each bird to steer towards the average heading of the flock.
Now they move together in a straight line, but if we add one more rule for cohesion that tells them to steer towards the average center of mass, we get these cool patterns that simulate flocking behavior in nature.
 I lead Google Quantum AI.
I have been working on quantum computing since 2012, and let me tell you why it is so intriguing.
Today's computers, like your laptop or a server at a Google data center, operate on the binary logic of zeros and ones.
A quantum computer?
 like this one, replaces the binary logic with the laws of quantum physics.
That gives it more powerful operations, allowing it to perform certain computations with way fewer steps.
 How close are we to AGI?
You know, we used to, every time we finished a system, we would say, like, in what ways is this not an AGI?
And it used to be, like, very easy.
You kind of, like, make a little robotic hand that does a Rubik's Cube or a Dota bot, and it's like, oh, it does some things, but definitely not an AGI.
It's obviously harder to say now, and so we're trying to, like, stop,
 talking about AGI as this general thing, and we have this levels framework, because the word AGI has become so overloaded.
So, like, real quickly, we use one for chatbots, two for reasoners, three for agents, four for innovators, and five for organizations, like, roughly.
I think we clearly got to level two, or we believe we clearly got to level two with O1, and it, you know, can do really quite impressive cognitive tasks.
 from the highest level of the post-labor economics kind of vision that you've been sharing, like, what should we be thinking about right now?
Kind of the mantra that I've come up with is better, faster, cheaper, safer.
And so, historically, whenever a technology or new way of doing things surpasses the old way of doing things on those four metrics, it usually becomes inevitable.
We're having fully automated, you know, AI-powered farm equipment now.
 In each of those cases, there's usually, there's a few ways of looking at it.
So time, you know, it's something you can measure with a watch.
There's energy input.
If something is more energetically efficient, human labor is a huge component.
So that's all going away as well.
So that's the kind of part one is.
Better, faster, cheaper, safer.
Machines replace humans.
We've seen this time and again over the last few centuries.
So the next component is, okay, well, if you take that out to its maximum conclusion,
 then you end up in a situation where who has jobs anymore, right?
Or even if there are some jobs left, if a good chunk of today's jobs go away, then what do you do if you have 20, 30, 40% unemployment rate?
That requires an entirely new economic paradigm.
 Uh, and so that's what we call the economic agency paradox, which is basically technology makes goods and services cheaper.
Uh, but at the same time, it takes the wages that you'd use to pay for those new goods and services.
So then nobody has any money in order to pay for those things that because they lost jobs.
 Fundamental advance in artificial intelligence.
We call it agentic AI.
Agentic AI basically means that you have an AI that has agency.
It can perceive and understand the context of the circumstance.
It can reason, very importantly, it can reason about how to answer or how to solve a problem.
And it can plan an action.
It can plan and take action.
 It can use tools because it now understands multi-modality information.
It can go to a website and look at the format of the website, words and videos, maybe even play a video.
Learns from what it learns from that website, understands it and come back and use that information, use that newfound knowledge to do its job.
 If you want to get good at machine learning, this is not something you're going to do overnight.
You're not going to learn it in a month or a week or something like that.
This is going to take time, a lot of practice, and can definitely be very frustrating and intimidating as you're getting into it.
At the start, I see a lot of people on my channel, the one to go and build AI, and that's great.
I definitely encourage them to try to do that, but you will reach a point where your lack of math understanding may hold you back.
And then you're going to have to spend time learning some
 fairly advanced math concepts like linear algebra, calculus, gradient descent, for example.
 Listen here, you smug skank.
You promised me 100 fucking gold.
Do you know what I was going to buy with that gold?
I was going to buy some nice, juicy, tasty chicken.
Yet you're here telling me, sorry, we don't have the gold.
Well, you know what that means?
It means I'm not going to get my chicken.
And do you know how that makes me feel?
It makes him feel angry.
It makes me feel fucking angry.
And what else does it make me feel, Tronald?
It makes you feel hungry.
 And what happens when I'm both hungry and angry?
It means he's hangry.
And please, tell her, Tronald, what happens after that.
Nothing good, that's for certain.
Well, I'll be more specific.
It means I'll fucking kill every single one of you bastards and begin eating you systematically until my hunger has been tamed.
And as a side note, I can eat a fucking lot.
 This little gadget is designed to cure your smartphone addiction by bricking it.
So you download the Brick app, you open it, and then what this is is a 3D printed cube that doesn't need a battery.
It has a magnet on the back so I can stick it on my fridge.
And then an NFC chip on the inside that when I tap it against my phone, works with the Brick app to lock down your phone's functionalities.
 So let's say that I am addicted to scrolling Instagram.
So right now I am unbricked, which means that if I want to open up Instagram, I can do it fine.
So we set Instagram as one of our no-go apps, tap the brick, it says my phone is now bricked.
And now you can see that all the apps I labeled as distractions are grayed out.
And if I try and open one of them, like Instagram, you cannot use Instagram because it is restricted.
This is very clever.
It even blocks the URL in Safari.
Until the next time that I come back to this brick and unbrick myself.
 Does my boss think these cheaper products are better than the more expensive versions?
iPhone 17.
Really good phone, really good deal.
Cheap HDMI cables.
Also a better deal, yeah.
It's not gonna be better or worse, hopefully.
Microwaves.
Well, they're all the same.
Definitely get the really cheap one, that's a better deal.
The MacBook Air is better than the MacBook Pro.
Well, the MacBook Air is a better deal, but the MacBook Pro is better.
DaVinci Resolve, better than Adobe Premiere or Final Cut.
 I mean, I prefer Final Cut, but Adventure Resolve is a better deal.
Social media, you do not need to pay to be verified.
That's just a bad deal.
Yeah, don't do that.
Unless you get impersonated a lot.
So glad you asked, Eric.
Obviously, it's the Pixel A series.
Is the superior product to every other Pixel?
Thanks for asking.
The regular Pixel's a better phone, but the A series, say it with me.
Better deal.
It's a better deal.
 Hi everyone, Sal Khan here from Khan Academy.
And first and foremost, let me thank you for supporting this mission of ours.
It is not a small mission, free world-class education for anyone, anywhere.
And we wouldn't even be able to think about approaching that very audacious mission if not for support like yours.
 And I think now is a more important time than ever.
The world needs more education.
You could look at national or even international data on things like college readiness.
But we also know that we're entering an inflection point for all of humanity with trends like artificial intelligence going to make real changes to what happens to the job market.
And we need to make sure that people are as prepared as possible.
Education has never been more important than it is today.
 And so we have some very exciting projects in the pipeline.
We're really reimagining Khan Academy, leveraging many of the tools that we now have at our disposal to drive that practice.
We're thinking about things like assessment.
We're thinking about early learning.
We're thinking about writing and reading in ways that we could have never thought before.
But once again, we wouldn't be able to do that without your support.
So thank you, and I hope to continue this partnership with you so that we can serve billions of people for generations to come.
 Have you ever tried to spin your phone?
If you do it in this direction, it's pretty easy, it stays nicely aligned.
If you spin it along its short axis, you'll also find it spins very well.
But, if you try to flip your phone end over end like this, you can't do it cleanly.
The phone will never flip simply end over end without also rotating in one of the other directions.
So why does this happen?
 This is a Galton board, and it's very satisfying.
Basically, the balls come down through these pegs, and then they always end up making this normal distribution curve, no matter what.
So why does that happen?
Well, basically, every time a ball hits a peg, it has a 50-50 shot of going left or right, which makes it difficult to predict where any one ball will end up.
But when you have enough of them, you can start to see these patterns emerge.
 because the probability of it landing in the center is much higher because there's a lot more paths that lead there versus the outside.
And it's a good example of why we need to have large enough sample sizes or data sets to make good predictions in science or math.
But more importantly, I think it's a far superior version of a rain stick.
 Ah, summer.
A time for fun in the sun.
With so many options available, how do you choose the right sunscreen?
There are three things to keep in mind.
SPF, ingredients, and application.
Let's start with SPF.
 Make sure to opt for at least 15, which blocks 93% of UVB rays.
SPF 30 blocks 97%, and 50 blocks 98%.
Next, ingredients.
If you're concerned about irritants, look for mineral-based formulas with zinc oxide and titanium dioxide.
And don't worry if they go on a little bit thick.
 Lastly, application.
Sprays can be convenient to put on, but make sure you're applying a thick enough layer for full protection.
Most people don't.
Whichever you choose, remember to lather up and keep your skin healthy.
 Scientists just reverse-engineered the formula for Roman concrete, and it's way better than the modern stuff.
While today's concrete can degrade in as little as 50 years, plenty of Roman structures that were built thousands of years ago are still going strong.
A few years ago, we learned that mixing concrete with seawater instead of freshwater was part of the Roman secret.
But a 2023 study found that wasn't the only trick up their sleeves.
They had sleeves, which they didn't because they had togas.
 One concrete recipe calls for a mineral called quicklime.
When mixed with seawater, quicklime produces a hot chemical reaction and leaves chunks of undissolved lime throughout the mixture.
This produces concrete that can repair itself.
When it cracks, rainwater leaks in and hits those lime chunks, which reactivates the cement and fills the gaps as they form.
 In 2021, cement production accounted for 8% of greenhouse gas emissions.
 Poki, you dropped something.
Bend over and get it.
Orion 7100.
Oh shit, I... What?
I think you're right.
 Did you know that live streams can get you monetized on YouTube?
Live streams are great for getting that 4,000 hours of watch time you need to get into the YouTube Partner Program.
That's because the watch time you get from live streams actually counts towards your watch time hours needed for the YouTube Partner Program, unlike YouTube Shorts.
No, instead for Shorts, you need 10 million views in the span of 90 days.
 This is what happens when streamers forget to turn the camera off.
First we have DrDisRespect who accidentally leaked his face after he forgot the camera was still on.
Next one might give you a heart attack because chess streamer Alexandra Botez accidentally went live while making a thumbnail faces.
 I did my first stream in real life, or that's what my chat thought.
What actually happened is two hours before my stream, I pre-recorded a setup tour so that when I go live, I'll play the video and everyone will hopefully think that I'm actually live.
In my usual streams, I always click a couple of buttons and set up my stream before I go live.
So that's what I did in my pre-recording.
And then I thought of reading a fake message so that people actually thought that I was reading chat.
You want me to read a message to prove it?
Hi, yo, what's up, Jmaster22.
And after I read that message, everyone believed that I was streaming.
So I started giving a tour of my setup.
This is my light that turns the background blue.
So if I flick this on right here,
 You'll be able to see the whole background turns blue.
And while the tour was going, chat was freaking out that I was doing a real-life stream.
But what I was actually doing is just sitting at my computer.
No one knows that it's fake.
How does no one know this is fake?
 The way you move the way you feel
 So lonely, broken and
 What the Sigma De Quavis?
 Welcome to my house.
Wow, this is your house?
No, it's my neighbor's.
Mom, do you have any flour?
Why, are you baking something?
No, I want to plant it outside and see if it turns into a real flower.
Mom, I'm gonna go for a walk.
Right now?
 You actually hate builds that much?
Bro, I have 40 ping.
Like, I think you should make the comeback.
 Hey, I'm working on a new video, but in the meantime, here's a little trick that'll make you look like a genius.
Check this out.
Ask someone for a random number between 22 and 99.
And you can make a magic square where every row, column, and diagonal adds up to the number they gave you.
Say they give you the number 51.
Subtract 20 from the number they gave you to give you A.
Add 1 to A to get B.
Add 1 to B to get C. And then for D, subtract 1 from A.
 That's the hard part.
Now just fill in a pattern of pairs that add up to 9.
5 and 4.
1 and 8.
3 and 6.
7 and 2.
Throw another 9 in the bottom right.
And the remaining boxes are 10, 11, and 12.
That's it.
Every way you add up a line, you'll get 51.
And this works for every number between 22 and 99.
Try this on someone.
 And the Anime Award goes to... My Hero Academia!
Mob Psycho 100!
Keep your hands off Eizouken!
Demon Slayer!
 Kimetsu no Yaiba Hashira Keiko Hen
 You ride cancel.
Cancel?
Oh, Amelport.
No problem.
What?
You cancel?
Yes, amount case.
Huh?
105.
Yeah, 105?
Only case.
Only what?
Ride cancel.
What?
You want me to go out?
No, no, no.
Huh?
Yes, amount 105.
Yeah?
Only case.
What do you mean only case?
Only ride cancel.
You're cancelling it?
Oh, no problem.
This is Amelport.
Cancel it?
Okay.
I pay you 105, right?
Okay, okay.
Okay.
 I think he didn't want to give the commission to all of us.
You want me to drive?
Okay, let's swap.
What's this guy doing?
He's going the wrong way.
Only wrong side, faggot.
He's wrong side.
Idiot.
